It feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipstersAnd make fun of our exes,
uh uh uh uhIt feels like a perfect night for breakfast at midnightTo fall in
love with strangers uh uh uh uhYeahWe're happy free confused and lonely at the
same timeIt's miserable and magical oh yeahTonight's the night when we forget
about the deadlines, it's time uh ohI don't know about you but I'm feeling
22Everything will be alright, if you keep me next to youYou don't know about me,
but I bet you want toEverything will be alright, if we just keep dancing like
we're 22, 22It seems like one of those nightsThis place is too crowded, too many
cool kids uh uh, uh uhIt seems like one of those nightsWe ditch the whole scene
and end up dreaming instead of sleepingYeahWe're happy free confused and lonely
in the best wayIt's miserable and magical oh yeahTonight's the night, when we
forget about the heartbreaks, it's time uh ohI don't know about you but I'm
feeling 22Everything will be alright if you keep me next to youYou don't know
about me, but I bet you want toEverything will be alright if we just keep
dancing like we're 22 uh uh ah ah ah 22 uh uh uhI don't know about you, 22 uh uh
22 uh uhIt feels like one of those nightsWe ditch the whole sceneIt feels like
one of those nightsWe won't be sleepingIt feels like one of those nightsYou look
like bad news I gotta have you, I gotta have you ohh, uh, yeahI don't know about
you but I'm feeling 22Everything will be alright if you keep me next to youYou
don't know about me but I bet you want toEverything will be alright if we just
keep dancing like we're 22 uh uh, 22 uh uoh, 22 uh uh, yeah, 22 uh uhoo, yeah
yeahIt feels like one of those nights uh uh We ditch the whole scene It feels
like one of those nights uh uhWe won't be sleepingIt feels like one of those
nights uh uhYou look like bad news I gotta have you, I gotta have you
[Chorus]Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heartWhy would you wanna take
our love and tear it all apart nowWhy would you wanna make the very first
scarWhy would you wanna break a perfectly good heartMaybe I should've seen the
signs, should've read the writing on the wallAnd realized by the distance in
your eyes that I would be the one to fallNo matter what you say I still can't
believeThat you would walk awayIt don't make sense to me but[Chorus]Why would
you wanna break a perfectly good heartWhy would you wanna take our love and tear
it all apart nowWhy would you wanna make the very first scarWhy would you wanna
break a perfectly good heartIt's not unbroken anymoreHow do I get it back the
way it was beforeWhy would you wanna break a perfectly good heartWhy would you
wanna take our love and tear it all apart nowWhy would you wanna make the very
first scarWhy would you wanna break, would you wanna break a[Chorus]Why would
you wanna break a perfectly good heartWhy would you wanna take our love and tear
it all apart nowWhy would you wanna make the very first scarWhy would you wanna
break a perfectly good heart I don't know what I want, so don't ask me'Cause I'm
still trying to figure it outDon't know what's down this roadI'm just
walkingTrying to see through the rain coming downEven though I'm not the only
one, who feelsThe way I do[Chorus]I'm alone, on my ownAnd that's all I know,
I'll be strong, I'll be wrongOh, but life goes onOh, I'm just a girlTrying to
find a place in this worldGot the radio on, my old blue jeansAnd I'm wearing my
heart on my sleeveFeeling lucky today, got the sunshineCould you tell me what
more do I need?And tomorrow's just a mystery, oh yeahBut that's
okay[Chorus]Maybe I'm just a girl on a missionBut I'm ready to flyI'm alone, on
my ownAnd that's all I knowOh, I'll be strong, I'll be wrongOh, but life goes
onOh, I'm alone, on my ownAnd that's all I knowOh, I'm just a girlTrying to find
a place in this worldOh, I'm just a girlOh, I'm just a girl, oh, ohOh, I'm just
a girl I walked through the door with you, the air was coldBut something about
it felt like home somehowAnd I left my scarf there at your sister's houseAnd you
still got it in your drawer, even nowOh, your sweet disposition and my wide eyed
gazeWe're singing in the car getting lost upstateAutumn leaves falling down like
pieces into placeAnd I can picture it after all these daysAnd I know it's long
goneAnd that magic's not here no moreAnd I might be okayBut I'm not fine at
all'Cause there we are again, on that little town streetYou almost ran the red
'cause you were looking over meWind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all
too wellPhoto album on the counter, your cheeks were turning redYou used to be a
little kid with glasses in a twin size bedYour mother's telling stories about
you on the tee ball teamYou tell me about your past, thinking your future was
meAnd I know it's long goneAnd there's nothing else I could doAnd I forget about
you long enoughTo forget why I needed to'Cause there we are again, in the middle
of the nightWe're dancing around the kitchen in the refrigerator lightDown the
stairs, I was there, I remember it all too wellAnd maybe we got lost in
translation, maybe I asked for too muchBut maybe this thing was a masterpiece
'til you tore it all upRunning scared, I was there, I remember it all too
wellAnd you call me up again just to break me like a promiseSo casually cruel in
the name of being honestI'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here'Cause I
remember it all, all, all too wellTime won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by
itI'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still trying to find itAfter plaid
shirt days and nights when you made me your ownNow you mail back my things and I
walk home aloneBut you keep my old scarf from that very first week'Cause it
reminds you of innocence and it smells like meYou can't get rid of it 'cause you
remember it all too well, yeah'Cause there we are again, when I loved you soBack
before you lost the one real thing you've ever knownIt was rare, I was there, I
remember it all too wellWind in my hair, you were there, you remember it allDown
the stairs, you were there, you remember it allIt was rare, I was there, I
remember it all to well I'm so glad you made time to see me.How's life, tell me
how's your family?I haven't seen them in a while.You've been good, busier then
ever.We small talk, work and the weatherYour guard is up and I know why.Because
the last time you saw meIs still burned in the back of your mind.You gave me
roses and I left them there to die.So this is me swallowing my pride,Standing in
front of you saying I'm sorry for that night.And I go back to December all the
time.It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you,Wishing I'd realized
what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to December, turn around and make it
all right.I go back to December all the time.These days I haven't been
sleepingStaying up playing back myself leaving,When your birthday passed and I
didn't call.And I think about summer, all the beautiful timesI watched you
laughing from the passenger sideAnd realized I'd loved you in the fall.And then
the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind.You gave me all your
love and all I gave you was goodbye.So this is me swallowing my pride,Standing
in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night.And I go back to December all
the time.It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you,Wishing I'd realized
what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to December turn around and change my
own mind.I go back to December all the timeI miss your tan skin, your sweet
smile, so good to me, so right,And how you held me in your arms that September
night,The first time you ever saw me cry.Maybe this is wishful thinking,Probably
mindless dreamingBut if we loved again I swear I'd love you right.I'd go back in
time and change it but I can'tSo if the chain is on your door, I understand.But
this is me swallowing my pride,Standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for
that night,And I go back to December.It turns out freedom ain't nothing but
missing you,Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.I'd go back to
December turn around and make it all right.I'd go back to December turn around
and change my own mind.I go back to December all the time all the time [Chorus -
Taylor Swift:]'Cause baby, now we got bad bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo
take a look what you've done'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey! [Verse 1 -
Kendrick Lamar:]Hey! I can't take it back, look where I'm at! We was on D like
DOC, remember that? (Remember that)My TLC was quite OD, I'd my facts (ID my)Now
POV of you and me, similar IraqI don't hate you but I hate to critique, overrate
youThese beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace youTake time and erase
you, love don't hear no moreNo I don't fear no more, better yet respect ain't
quite sincere no more[Pre-Chorus - Taylor Swift:]Oh, it's so sad toThink about
the good timesYou and I[Chorus - Taylor Swift:]'Cause baby, now we got bad
bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what you've done'Cause baby,
now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we got problemsAnd I don't think we can solve
'emYou made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we got bad blood, hey! [Verse 2 -
Kendrick Lamar:]Hey! Remember when you tried to write me off?Remember when you
thought I'd take a loss?Don't you remember? You thought that I would need
yahFollow procedure, remember? Oh wait you got amnesia?It was my season for
battle wounds, battle scarsBody bumped, bruisedStabbed in the back; brimstone,
fire jumping throughStill, all my life, I got money and powerAnd you gotta live
with the bad blood now[Pre-Chorus - Taylor Swift:]Oh, it's so sad toThink about
the good timesYou and I[Chorus - Taylor Swift:]'Cause baby, now we got bad
bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what you've done'Cause baby,
now we got bad blood, hey! Now we got problemsAnd I don't think we can solve
'emYou made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we got bad blood, hey! [Bridge -
Taylor Swift (Kendrick Lamar):]Band-aids don't fix bullet holesYou say sorry
just for showIf you live like that, you live with ghosts(You forgive, you forget
but you never let it go)Band-aids don't fix bullet holesYou say sorry just for
showIf you live like that you live with ghostsIf you love like that blood runs
cold[Chorus - Taylor Swift:]'Cause baby, now we got bad bloodYou know it used to
be mad loveSo take a look what you've done'Cause baby, now we got bad blood,
hey! Now we got problemsAnd I don't think we can solve 'em(Think we can solve
'em! )You made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we got bad blood, hey! [Chorus -
Taylor Swift:]'Cause baby, now we got bad bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo
take a look what you've done(Look what you've done)'Cause baby, now we got bad
blood, hey! Now we've got problemsAnd I don't think we can solve 'emYou made a
really deep cutAnd baby, now we got bad blood, hey! [Intro: Taylor Swift]Cause
baby, now we've got bad bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what
you've doneCause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey![Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]I
can't take it back, look where I'm atWe was on D like DOC, remember that?My TLC
was quite OD, ID my factsNow POV of you and me, similar IraqI don't hate you but
I hate to critique, overrate youThese beats of a dark heart, use basslines to
replace youTake time and erase you, love don't hear no moreNo I don't fear no
moreBetter yet, respect ain't quite sincere no more[Pre-Chorus: Taylor Swift]Oh,
it's so sad toThink about the good timesYou and I[Chorus: Taylor Swift]Cause
baby, now we've got bad bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what
you've doneCause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!Now we've got problemsAnd I
don't think we can solve 'emYou made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we've got
bad blood, hey![Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]Remember when you tried to write me
off?Remember when you thought I'd take a loss?Don't you remember? You thought
that I would need yaFollow procedure, remember? Oh wait, you got amnesiaIt was
my season for battle wounds, battle scarsBody bumped, bruisedStabbed in the
back; brimstone, fire jumping throughStill, all my life, I got money and
powerAnd you gotta live with the bad blood now[Pre-Chorus: Taylor Swift]Oh, it's
so sad toThink about the good timesYou and I[Chorus: Taylor Swift]Cause baby,
now we've got bad bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what you've
doneCause baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!Now we've got problemsAnd I don't
think we can solve 'emYou made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we've got bad
blood, hey![Bridge: Taylor Swift (Kendrick Lamar)]Band-Aids don't fix bullet
holesYou say sorry just for showYou live like that, you live with ghosts(You
forgive, you forget but you never let it go)Band-Aids don't fix bullet holesYou
say sorry just for showIf you live like that, you live with ghostsIf you love
like that, blood runs cold![Chorus: Taylor Swift]Cause baby, now we've got bad
bloodYou know it used to be mad loveSo take a look what you've doneCause baby,
now we've got bad blood, hey!Now we've got problemsAnd I don't think we can
solve 'emYou made a really deep cutAnd baby, now we've got bad blood,
hey![Chorus: Taylor Swift]Cause baby, now we've got bad bloodYou know it used to
be mad loveSo take a look what you've doneCause baby, now we've got bad blood,
hey!Now we've got problemsAnd I don't think we can solve 'emYou made a really
deep cutAnd baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Your beautiful eyesStare right
into my eyesAnd sometimes I think of you late at nightI don't know whyI want to
be somewhere where you areI wanna be where[Chorus]You're here, your eyes are
looking into mineSo baby, make me flyMy heart has never felt this way beforeI'm
looking through yourI'm looking through your eyesI wake up, I'm aliveIn only a
little while, I cry'Cause you're my lullabySo baby hold me tight cause I-II want
to be everything you needI want to be where, [Chorus]Just as long as you're
mineI'll be you're everything tonightLet me love you, kiss youOh baby let me
miss youLet me see yourDream aboutDream aboutDream about your eyesEyes, eyes,
beautiful eyes Her hair is Harlowe goldHer lips sweet surpriseHer hands are
never coldShe's got Bette Davis eyesShe'll turn her music on youYou won't have
to think twiceShe's pure as New York snowShe got Bette Davis eyesAnd she'll
tease youShe'll unease youAll the better just to please youShe's precocious and
she knows justWhat it takes to make a pro blushShe got Greta Garbo stand off
sighsShe's got Bette Davis eyesShe'll let you take her homeIt whets her
appetiteShe'll lay you on her throneShe got Bette Davis eyesShe'll take a tumble
on youRoll you like you were diceUntil you come out blueShe's got Bette Davis
eyesShe'll expose you, when she snows youOff your feet with the crumbs she
throws youShe's ferocious and she knows justWhat it takes to make a pro blushAll
the boys think she's a spyShe's got Bette Davis eyesAnd she'll tease youShe'll
unease youAll the better just to please yaShe's precocious, and she knows
justWhat it takes to make a pro blushAll the boys think she's a spyShe's got
Bette Davis eyesShe'll tease youShe'll unease youJust to please yaShe's got
Bette Davis eyesShe'll expose you, when she snows youShe knows yaShe's got Bette
Davis eyes Now go stand in the corner and think about what you didHa, time for a
little revengeThe story starts when it was hot and it was summerAnd, I had it
all; I had him right there where I wanted himShe came along, got him alone, and
let's hear the applauseShe took him faster than you could say sabotageI never
saw it coming, nor would I have suspected itI underestimated just who I was
dealing withShe had to know the pain was beating on me like a drumShe
underestimated just who she was stealing fromShe's not a saint and she's not
what you thinkShe's an actress, whoaShe's better known for the things that she
doesOn the mattress, whoaSoon she's gonna findStealing other people's toys on
the playgroundWon't make you many friendsShe should keep in mind,She should keep
in mindThere is nothing I do better than revenge, haShe looks at life like it's
a party and she's on the listShe looks at me like I'm a trend and she's so over
itI think her ever present frown is a little troublingAnd, she thinks I'm
psycho'Cause I like to rhyme her name with things, butSophistication isn't what
you wear, or who you knowOr pushing people down to get you where you wanna goOh
they didn't teach you that in prep schoolSo it's up to meBut no amount of
vintage dresses gives you dignity(Think about what you did)She's not a saint and
she's not what you thinkShe's an actress, whoaShe's better known for the things
that she doesOn the mattress, whoaSoon she's gonna findStealing other people's
toys on the playgroundWon't make you many friendsShe should keep in mind,She
should keep in mindThere is nothing I do better than revenge, haI'm just another
thing for you to roll your eyes at honeyYou might have him, but haven't you
heardI'm just another thing for you to roll your eyes at honeyYou might have
him, but I'll always get the last wordWhoaShe's not a saint and she's not what
you thinkShe's an actress, whoaShe's better known for the things that she doesOn
the mattress, whoaSoon she's gonna findStealing other people's toys on the
playgroundWon't make you many friendsShe should keep in mind,She should keep in
mindThere is nothing I do better than revenge, haAnd do you still feel like you
know what you're doing,'Cause I don't think you do, ohDo you still feel like you
know what you're doingI don't think you do, I don't think you doLet's hear the
applauseC'mon show me how much better you areSee you deserve some applause'Cause
you're so much betterShe took him faster than you could say sabotage I see your
face in my mind as I drive away,'Cause none of us thought it was gonna end that
wayPeople are people,And sometimes we change our mindsBut it's killing me to see
you go after all this timeMusic starts playin' like the end of a sad movie,It's
the kinda ending you don't really wanna see'Cause it's tragedy and it'll only
bring you down,Now I don't know what to be without you aroundAnd we know it's
never simple,Never easyNever a clean break, no one here to save meYou're the
only thing I know like the back of my hand,[Chorus]And I can't,Breathe,Without
you,But I have to,Breathe,Without you,But I have toNever wanted this, never
wanna see you hurtEvery little bump in the road I tried to swervePeople are
people,And sometimes it doesn't work out,Nothing we say is gonna save us from
the fall outAnd we know it's never simple,Never easyNever a clean break, no one
here to save meYou're the only thing I know like the back of my
hand,[Chorus]It's two amFeelin' like I just lost a friendHope you know it's not
easy,Easy for meIt's two amFeelin' like I just lost a friendHope you know this
ain't easy,Easy for meAnd we know it's never simple,Never easyNever a clean
break, no one here to save meI can't,Breathe,Without you,But I have
to,Breathe,Without you,But I have toBreathe,Without you,But I have toSorry (oh)
sorry Sorry sorry Sorry sorry Here you are nowFresh from your warBack from the
edge of timeAnd all that you wereStripped to the boneI thought you' d want to
knowThat when you feel the world is crashingAll around your feetCome running
headlong into my armsBreathlessI'll never judge youI can only love youCome now
running headlongInto my armsBreathlessLay down your gunsToo weak to runNothing
can harm you hereYour precious heartBroken and scarredSomehow you made it
throughI only ask that you won't go againWhen you feel the world is crashingAll
around your feetCome running headlong into my armsBreathlessI'll never judge
youI can only love youCome now running headlongInto my armsBreathlessI'm so glad
to see you smilingSo good to hear your laughI think that you've found you
evenMissed yourselfI'm only asking this because I think thatTruth be toldOh,
you'll never go againAgainWhen you feel the world is crashingAll around your
feetCome running headlong into my armsBreathlessI'll never judge youI can only
love youCome now running headlongInto my armsBreathlessBreathlessSo when you
feel the world is crashing downI want you come run into my arms And it's a sad
picture, the final blow hits youSomebody else gets what you wanted again andYou
know it's all the same, another time and placeRepeating history and you're
getting sick of itBut I believe in whatever you doAnd I'll do anything to see it
through[Chorus]Because these things will changeCan you feel it now?These walls
that they put up to hold us back will fall downIt's a revolution, the time will
comeFor us to finally winAnd we'll sing hallelujah, we'll sing hallelujahSo
we've been outnumberedRaided and now corneredIt's hard to fight when the fight
ain't fairWe're getting stronger nowFind things they never foundThey might be
strongerBut we're faster and never scaredYou can walk away, say we don't need
thisBut there's something in your eyesSays we can beat this[Chorus]Tonight we'll
stand, get off our kneesFight for what we've worked for all these yearsAnd the
battle was long, it's the fight of our livesBut we'll stand up champions
tonightIt was the night things changedCan you see it now?These walls that they
put up to hold us back fell downIt's a revolution, throw your hands up'Cause we
never gave inAnd we'll sing hallelujah, we sang hallelujahHallelujah What if
ribbons and bows didn't mean a thingWould the song still survive without five
golden ringsWould you still wanna kiss without mistletoeWhat would happen if God
never let it snowWhat would happen if Christmas carols told a lieTell me what
would you findYou'd see that today holds something specialSomething holy, not
superficialSo here's to the birthday boy who saved our livesIt's something we
all try to ignoreAnd put a wreath up on your doorSo here's something you should
know that is for sureChristmas must be something moreWhat if angels did not pay
attention to All the things that we wished they would always doWhat if happiness
came in a cardboard boxThen I think there is something we all forgotWhat would
happen if presents all went awayTell me what would you findYou'd see that today
holds something specialSomething holy, not superficialSo here's to the birthday
boy who saved our livesIt's something we all try to ignoreAnd put a wreath up on
your doorSo here's something you should know that is for sureChristmas must be
something moreWe get so caught up in all of itBusiness and relationshipsHundred
mile an hour livesAnd it's this time of yearAnd everybody's hereIt seems the
last thing on your mindIs that the day holds something specialSomething holy,
not superficialSo here's to Jesus Christ who saved our livesIt's something we
all try to ignoreAnd put a wreath up on your doorBut here's something you should
know that is for sureChristmas must be somethingChristmas must be
somethingChristmas must be something moreThere's gotta be moreThere's gotta be
more Please take down the mistletoeCause I don't wanna think about that right
nowCause everything I want is miles awayIn a snow covered little townMy momma's
in the kitchen, worrying about meSeason's greetings, hope you're wellWell I'm
doing alrightIf you were wonderingLately I can never tellI know this shouldn't
be a lonely timeBut there were Christmases when you were mineI've been doing
fine without you, reallyUp until the nights got coldAnd everybody's here, except
you, babySeems like everyone's got someone to holdBut for me it's just a lonely
timeCause there were Christmases when you were mineMerry Christmas
everybodyThat'll have to be something I just say this yearI'll bet you got your
mom another sweaterAnd were your cousins late againWhen you were putting up the
lights this yearDid you notice one less pair of handsI know this shouldn't be a
lonely timeBut there were Christmases when I didn't wonder how you are
tonightCause there were Christmases when you were mineYou were mine You have a
way of coming easily to meAnd when you take, you take the very best of meSo I
start a fight 'cause I need to feel somethin'And you do what you want 'cause I'm
not what you wanted[Chorus]Oh, what a shameWhat a rainy ending given to a
perfect dayJust walk away Ain't no use defending words that you will never
sayAnd now that I'm sittin' here thinkin' it throughI've never been anywhere
cold as youYou put up the walls and paint them all a shade of grayAnd I stood
there loving you, and wished them all awayAnd you come away with a great little
story Of a mess of a dreamer with the nerve to adore you[Chorus]You never did
give a damn thing, honeyBut I cried, cried for youAnd I know you wouldn't have
told nobody if I died, died for youDied for youOh, what a shameWhat a rainy
ending given to a perfect dayOh, every smile you fake is so
condescendingCountin' all the scars you've madeNow that I'm sittin' here
thinkin' it throughI've never been anywhere cold as you You said it in a simple
way,4 AM, the second day,How strange that I don't know you at all.Stumbled
through the long goodbye,One last kiss, then catch your flight,Right when I was
just about to fallI told myself don't get attached,But in my mind I play it
back,Spinning faster than the plane that took you,And this is when the feeling
sinks in,I don't wanna miss you like this,Come back, be here, come back, be
here.I guess you're in New York today,I don't wanna need you this way,Come back,
be here, come back, be here.The delicate beginning rush,The feeling you can know
so much,Without knowing anything at all.And now that I can put this down,If I
had known what I know now,I never would have played so nonchalant.Taxi cabs and
busy streets,That never bring you back to me,I can't help but wish you took me
with you,And this is when the feeling sinks in,I don't wanna miss you like
this,Come back, be here, come back, be here.I guess you're in London today,And I
don't wanna need you this way,Come back, be here, come back, be here.This is
falling in love in the cruelest way,This is falling for you and you are worlds
away.New York, be here.But you're in London and I break down,'Cause it's not
fair that you're not around.This is when the feeling sinks in,I don't wanna miss
you like this,Come back, be here, come back, be here.I guess you're in New York
today,And I don't wanna need you this way,Come back, be here, come back, be
here.I don't wanna miss you like this.Come back, be here.Come back, be here. I
could go back to every laughBut I don't wanna go there anymoreAnd I know all the
steps up to your doorBut I don't wanna go there anymoreTalk to the windTalk to
the skyTalk to the man with the reasons whyAnd let me know what you findI'll
leave my window openCause I'm too tired tonight To call your nameJust know I'm
right here hopingThat you'll come in with the rainI could stand up and sing you
a song But I don't wanna have to go that farAnd I, I've got you down I know you
by heartAnd you don't even know where I startTalk to yourselfTalk to the
tearsTalk to the man who put you hereAnd don't wait for the sky to clearI'll
leave my window openCause I'm too tired tonight To call your nameJust know I'm
right here hoping That you'll come in with the rainI've watched you so
longScreamed your nameI don't know what else I can sayBut I'll leave my window
openCause I'm too tired tonightFor all these gamesJust know I'm right here
hopingThat you'll come in with the rainI could go back to every laugh But I
don't wanna go there anymore I've never gone with the wind, just let it flowLet
it take me where it wants Til you opened the door, there's so much moreI've
never seen it beforeI was trying to fly but I couldn't find wingsBut you came
along and you changed everythingYou lift my feet off the groundYou spin me
aroundYou make me crazier crazierFeels like I'm falling in love and I'm lost in
your eyesYou make me crazier crazier crazierI watched from a distance as you
made life your ownEvery sky was your own kind of blueAnd I wanted to know how
that would feelAnd you made it so realYou showed me something that I couldn't
seeYou opened my eyes and you made me believe.You lift my feet off the groundYou
spin me aroundYou make me crazier crazierFeels like I'm falling in love and I'm
lost in your eyesYou make me crazier crazier crazier ohBaby you showed me what
livin' is forI don't wanna hide anymoreYou lift my feet off the groundYou spin
me aroundYou make me crazier crazierFeels like I'm falling and I'm, I'm lost in
your eyesYou make me crazier crazier crazier crazier crazier Long were the
nights when my days once revolved around youCounting my footsteps,Praying the
floor won't fall through, againMy mother accused me of losing my mind,But I
swore I was fine, you paint me a blue skyAnd go back and turn it to rainAnd I
lived in your chess game,But you changed the rules every dayWondering which
version of you I might get on the phoneTonight, well I stopped picking up, and
this song is to let you know whyDear John, I see it all now that you're
goneDon't you think I was too young to be messed with?The girl in the dress,
cried the whole way home, I should've knownWell maybe it's me and my blind
optimism to blameMaybe it's you and your sick need to give love then take it
awayAnd you'll add my name to your long list of traitors who don't understandAnd
I'll look back and regret how I ignored when they said "run as fast as you
can"Dear John, I see it all now that you're goneDon't you think I was too young
to be messed with?The girl in the dress, cried the whole way homeDear John, I
see it all, now it was wrongDon't you think nineteen is too young To be played
by your dark twisted games, when I loved you so?I should've knownYou are an
expert at sorry,And keeping the lines blurryNever impressed by me acing your
testsAll the girls that you've run dryHave tired, lifeless eyes'Cause you burned
them outBut I took your matches before fire could catch me,So don't look now,
I'm shining like fireworks over your sad, empty townDear John, I see it all now
that you're goneDon't you think I was too young to be messed with?The girl in
the dress, cried the whole way home.I see it all now that you're goneDon't you
think I was too young to be messed with?The girl in the dress wrote you a
songYou should've known, you should've knownDon't you think I was too young? You
should've known Verse:When I saw you today my hearts beats fast and I can't
explain anything about it doing something to see you day by day. Everything
changes when I come in your places.Chorus:Cause it down to the mountain and I
can see you there hoping for sweet smile and don't know what to do. I can't tell
you about it because you have love someone that you love more than me. But,
someday you will love me.Bridge:It's going dark and I can't go home because when
I see you, you make fall me fall in live with you.Chorus:Cause it down to the
mountain you make me smile I go and find another like you cause down to the
mountain you make me fall for you everyday.Cause down to the mountain you make
me smile..... Now that she's back in the atmosphereWith drops of Jupiter in her
hair, hey, heyShe acts like summer and walks like rainReminds me that there's
time to change, hey, heySince the return from her stay on the moonShe listens
like spring and she talks like June, hey, heyTell me did you sail across the
sunDid you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all fadedAnd that heaven
is overratedTell me, did you fall for a shooting starOne without a permanent
scarAnd did you miss me while you were looking at yourself out thereNow that
she's back from that soul vacationTracing her way through the constellation,
hey, heyShe checks out Mozart while she does tae-boReminds me that there's time
to grow, hey, heyNow that she's back in the atmosphereI'm afraid that she might
think of me as plain ol JaneTold a story about a man who is too afraid to fly so
he never did landTell me did the wind sweep you off your feetDid you finally get
the chance to dance along the light of dayAnd head back to the Milky WayAnd tell
me, did Venus blow your mindWas it everything you wanted to findAnd did you miss
me while you were looking for yourself out thereCan you imagine no love, pride,
deep-fried chickenYour best friend always sticking up for you even when I know
you're wrongCan you imagine no first dance, freeze dried romance five-hour phone
conversationThe best soy latte that you ever had  and meTell me did the wind
sweep you off your feetDid you finally get the chance to dance along the light
of dayAnd head back toward the Milky Way There I was again tonight forcing
laughter, faking smilesSame old tired, lonely placeWalls of insincerityShifting
eyes and vacancy vanished when I saw your faceAll I can say is it was enchanting
to meet youYour eyes whispered "have we met?"Across the room your silhouette
starts to make it's way to meThe playful conversation startsCounter all your
quick remarks, like passing notes in secrecyAnd it was enchanting to meet youAll
I can say is I was enchanted to meet youThis night is sparkling, don't you let
it goI'm wonder struck, blushing all the way homeI'll spend forever wondering if
you knewI was enchanted to meet youThe lingering question kept me upTwo a.m.,
who do you love?I wonder till I'm wide awakeNow I'm pacing back and forth,
wishing you were at my doorI'd open up and you would say, heyIt was enchanting
to meet youAll I know is I was, enchanted to meet youThis night is sparkling,
don't you let it goI'm wonder struck, blushing all the way homeI'll spend
forever wondering if you knewThis night is flawless, don't you let it goI'm
wonder struck, dancing around all aloneI'll spend forever wondering if you knewI
was enchanted to meet youThis is me praying that this was the very first pageNot
where the story line endsMy thoughts will echo your name, until I see you
againThese are the words I held back, as I was leaving too soonI was enchanted
to meet youPlease don't be in love with someone elsePlease don't have somebody
waiting on youPlease don't be in love with someone elsePlease don't have
somebody waiting on youThis night is sparkling, don't you let it goI'm wonder
struck, blushing all the way homeI'll spend forever wondering if you knewThis
night is flawless, don't you let it goI'm wonder struck, dancing around all
aloneI'll spend forever wondering if you knewI was enchanted to meet youPlease
don't be in love with someone elsePlease don't have somebody waiting on you All
I knew this morning when I wokeIs I know something now, know something now I
didn't beforeAnd all I've seen since 18 hours ago is green eyes and freckles And
your smile in the back of my mind making me feel likeI just want to know you
better, know you better, know you better nowI just want to know you better, know
you better, know you better nowI just want to know you better, know you better,
know you better nowI just want to know, you know you know you'Cause all I know
is we said helloAnd your eyes look like coming homeAll I know is a simple name,
everything has changedAll I know is you held the doorYou'll be mine and I'll be
yoursAll I know since yesterday is everything has changedAnd all my walls stood
tall painted blueBut I'll take them down, take them down and open up the door
for youAnd all I feel in my stomach is butterflies the beautiful kindMaking up
for lost time, taking flight, making me feel likeI just want to know you better,
know you better, know you better nowI just want to know you better, know you
better, know you better nowI just want to know you better, know you better, know
you better nowI just want to know you, know you know you'Cause all I know is we
said helloAnd your eyes look like coming homeAll I know is a simple name,
everything has changedAll I know is you held the doorYou'll be mine and I'll be
yoursAll I know since yesterday is everything has changedCome back and tell me
whyI'm feeling like I've missed you all this timeAnd meet me there tonightAnd
let me know that it's not all in my mindI just want to know you better, know you
better, know you better nowI just want to know you, know you, know you'Cause all
I know is we said helloAnd your eyes look like coming homeAll I know is a simple
name, everything has changedAll I know is he held the doorYou'll be mine and
I'll be yoursAll I know since yesterday is everything has changedAll I know is
we said helloSo dust off your highest hopesAll I know is pouring rainAnd
everything has changedAll I know is a new found graceAll my days, I'll know your
faceAll I know since yesterday is everything has changed Everybody's
waiting,Everybody's watching,Even when you're sleeping,Keep your ah-eyes
open.The tricky thing,Is yesterday we were just children,Playing soldiers just
pretending,Dreaming dreams with happy endings,In backyards,Winning battles with
theWooden swords,But now we've stepped into aCruel world,Where everybody stands
andKeeps score,Keep your eyes open.Everybody's waiting, to see the breakdown,
everybody's watching, to see the fallout, Even when your sleeping, sleeping,
keep your ah-eyes open.Keep your ah-eyes open.Keep your ah-eyes open.So here you
are,Two steps ahead and statingOn guard,Every lesson forms a new scar,They never
thought you'd make it this far,But turn around,Now they've  surrounded you,It's
a showdown,Nobody comes to save you now,But you've got something they don't,
yeah you've got something they don't, you just gotta Keep your eyes
open.Everybody's waiting, to see the breakdown, everybody's watching, to see the
fallout, even when your sleeping, sleeping, keep your ah-eyes open.Keep your
ah-eyes open.Keep your ah-eyes - keep your feet ready, heartbeat steady,Keep
your eyes open.Keep your aim locked,The night grows dark,Keep your eyes
open.Background:(Keep your ah-eyes open,Keep your ah-eyes open,Keep your eyes
open.)Everybody's waiting, to see the breakdown, everybody's watching, to see
the fallout, even when your sleeping, sleeping, keep your ah-eyes open.Keep your
ah-eyes open.Keep your ah-eyes open. There's somethin' bout the wayThe street
looks when it's just rainedThere's a glow off the pavementWalk me to the carAnd
you know I wanna ask you to dance right thereIn the middle of the parking
lotYeahWe're drivin' down the roadI wonder if you knowI'm tryin' so hard not to
get caught up nowBut you're just so coolRun your hands through your hairAbsent
mindedly makin' me want you[Chorus]And I don't know how it gets better than
thisYou take my hand and drag me head firstFearlessAnd I don't know why but with
you I'd danceIn a storm in my best dressFearlessSo baby drive slowTil we run out
of road in this one horse townI wanna stay right here in this passenger's
seatYou put your eyes on meIn this moment now capture it remember it[Chorus]Well
you stood there with me in the doorwaymy hands shakeI'm not usually this way
butYou pull me in and I'm a little more braveIt's the first kiss, it's flawless,
really something, it's fearless.[Chorus] You take a deep breathAnd you walk
through the doorsIt's the morning of your very first dayYou say hi to your
friends you ain't seen in awhileTry and stay out of everybody's wayIt's your
freshman yearAnd you're gonna be here for the next four yearsIn this townHoping
one of those senior boysWill wink at you and say, "you know I haven't seen you
around, before"'Cause when you're fifteen,Somebody tells you they love youYou're
gonna believe themAnd when you're fifteenFeeling like there's nothing to figure
outCount to tenTake it inThis is life before you know who you're gonna beAt
fifteenYou sit in class next to a red-head named AbigailAnd soon enough you're
best friendsLaughing at the other girlsWho they think they're so coolWe'll be
out of here as soon as we canAnd then you're on your very first dateAnd he's got
a carAnd you're feeling like flyingAnd you're mama's waiting upAnd you're
thinking he's the oneAnd you're dancing around the room when the night endsWhen
the night ends'Cause when you're fifteen,Somebody tells you they love youYou're
gonna believe themAnd when you're fifteenAnd your first kiss makes your head
spin aroundBut in your life you'll do thingsGreater than dating the boy on the
football teamBut I didn't know it at fifteenWhen all you wantedWas to be
wantedWish you could go backAnd tell yourself what you know nowBack then I swore
I was gonna marry him somedayBut I realized some bigger dreams of mineAnd
Abigail gave everything she hadTo a boy who changed his mindAnd we both
cried'Cause when you're fifteen,Somebody tells you they love youYou're gonna
believe themAnd when you're fifteenDon't forget to look before you fallI've
found time can heal most anythingAnd you just might find who you're supposed to
beI didn't know who I was supposed to beAt fifteenLa la la la laYour very first
dayTake a deep breath girlAnd take a deep breath as you walk through the doors
Once upon a time, I believe it was a Tuesday when I caught your eyeAnd we caught
onto somethingI hold onto the night, you looked me in the eye and told me you
loved meWere you just kidding?'Cause it seems to me, this thing is breaking
downWe almost never speakI don't feel welcome anymoreBaby what happened? Please
tell me'Cause one second it was perfect, now you're halfway out the doorAnd I
stare at the phone, he still hasn't calledAnd you feel so low you can't feel
nothing at allAnd you flashback to when he said forever and alwaysOh, and it
rains in your bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when you're here and it rains
when you're gone'Cause I was there when you said forever and alwaysWas I out of
line?Did I say something way to honest, made you run and hideLike a scared
little boyI looked into your eyesThough I knew you for a minute, now I'm not so
sureSo here's to everything coming down to nothingHere's to silence, that cuts
me to the coreWhere is this going? Though I knew for a minute, but I don't
anymoreYou didn't mean it baby, I don't think soOh back up, baby, back upDid you
forget everything?Back up, baby, back upDid you forget everything?'Cause it
rains in your bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when you're here and it rains
when your gone'Cause I was there when you said forever and alwaysOh, I stare at
the phone, he still hasn't calledAnd then you feel so low you can't feel nothing
at allAnd the flashback to when you said forever and alwaysAnd it rains in your
bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when you're here and it rains when you're
gone'Cause I was there when you said forever and alwaysYou didn't mean it
baby,You said forever and always, Yeah Once upon a time, I believe it was a
Tuesday when I caught your eyeAnd we caught onto somethingI hold onto the night,
you looked me in the eye and told me you loved meWere you just kidding?'Cause it
seems to me, this thing is breaking downWe almost never speakI don't feel
welcome anymoreBaby what happened? Please tell me'Cause one second it was
perfect, now you're halfway out the door[Chorus]And I stare at the phone, he
still hasn't calledAnd then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at allAnd you
flashback to when he said forever and alwaysOh, and it rains in your
bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when you're here and it rains when you're
gone'Cause I was there when you said forever and alwaysWas I out of line?Did I
say something way too honest, made you run and hideLike a scared little boyI
looked into your eyesThought I knew you for a minute, now I'm not so sureSo
here's to everything coming down to nothingHere's to silence, that cuts me to
the coreWhere is this going? Thought I knew for a minute, but I don't
anymore[Chorus]You didn't mean it baby, I don't think soOh back up, baby, back
upDid you forget everything?Back up, baby, back upDid you forget
everything?'Cause it rains in your bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when
you're here and it rains when you're gone'Cause I was there when you said
forever and alwaysOh, I stare at the phone, he still hasn't calledAnd then you
feel so low you cant feel nothing at allAnd you flashback to when we said
forever and alwaysAnd it rains in your bedroomEverything is wrongIt rains when
you're here and it rains when you're gone'Cause I was there when you said
forever and alwaysYou didn't mean it baby, You said forever and always, yeah.
Don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows that,Everybody
knows that,Don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows that.I
don't even know her,But I feel a responsibility,To do what's upstanding and
right,It's kinda like a code, yeah,And you've been getting closer and closer,And
crossing so many lines.And it would be a fine proposition,If I was a stupid
girl,But honey I am no-one's exception,This I have previously learned.So don't
look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows that,Everybody knows
that,Ah ah, don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows
that,Everybody knows that,I see you turn off your phone,And now you got me
alone,And I say, don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows
that,Everybody knows that.I just wanna make sure,You understand perfectly,You're
the kind of man who makes me sad,While she waits up,You chase down the newest
thing,And take for granted what you have.And it would be a fine proposition,If I
was a stupid girl,And yeah I might go with it,If I hadn't once been just like
her.Don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows
that,Everybody knows that,Ah ah, don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And
everybody knows that,Everybody knows that,I see you turn off your phone,And now
you've got me alone,And I say, don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And
everybody knows that,Everybody knows that.Call a cab,Lose my number,You're about
to lose your girl,Call a cab,Lose my number,Let's consider this lesson
learned.Don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And everybody knows
that,Everybody knows that,Ah ah, don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And
everybody knows that,Everybody knows that,Wanna see you pick up your phone,And
tell her you're coming home,Don't look at me,You've got a girl at home,And
everybody knows that,Everybody knows that,Don't look at me,You've got a girl at
home,And everybody knows that,Everybody knows that.It would be a fine
proposition,If I hadn't once been just like her. You and I walk a fragile lineI
have known it all this timeBut I never thought I'd live to see it breakIt's
getting dark and its all too quietAnd I can't trust anything nowAnd its comin'
over you like its all a big mistakeHolding my breath, won't lose you
againSomething's made your eyes go coldCome on, come on don't leave me like
thisI thought I had you figured outSomething's gone terribly wrong, you're all I
wantedCome on, come on don't leave me like thisI thought I had you figured
outCan't breathe whenever you're goneCan't turn back, now I'm hauntedStood there
and watched you walk awayFrom everything we hadBut I still mean every word I
said to youHe will try to take away my painAnd he just might make me smileBut
the whole time I'm wishin' he was you insteadOh, oh, holding my breath, won't
see you againSomething keeps me holding on to nothingCome on, come on don't
leave me like thisI thought I had you figured outSomething's gone terribly
wrong, you're all I wantedCome on, come on don't leave me like thisI thought I
had you figured outCan't breathe whenever you're goneCan't turn back, now I'm
hauntedI know, I know, I just knowYou're not gone, you can't be goneNoCome on,
come on don't leave me like thisI thought I had you figured outSomething's gone
terribly wrong, won't finish what you startedCome on, come on don't leave me
like thisI thought I had you figured outCan't breathe whenever you're goneCan't
go back, I'm hauntedOh, oh, oh, oh, ohYou and I walk a fragile lineI have known
it all this timeNever ever thought I'd see it breakNever thought I'd see it Hey
Stephen, I know looks can be deceivingBut I know I saw a light in youAnd as we
walked we would talkAnd I didn't say half the things I wanted toOf all the girls
tossing rocks at your windowI'll be the one waiting there even when it's coldHey
Stephen, boy you might have me believingI don't always have to be
alone[Chorus]'Cause I can't help it if you look like an angelCan't help it if I
wanna kiss you in the rain, soCome feel this magic I've been feeling since I met
youCan't help it if there's no one elseMmm I can't help myselfHey Stephen, I've
been holding back this feelingSo I've got some things to say to youI've seen it
all, so I thoughtBut I've never seen nobody shine the way you doThe way you
walk, way you talk, way you say my nameIt's beautiful, wonderful, don't you ever
changeHey Stephen, why are people always leavingI think you and I should stay
the same[Chorus]Cause I can't help it if you look like an angelCan't help it if
I wanna kiss you in the rain, soCome feel this magic I've been feeling since I
met youCan't help it if there's no one elseMmm I can't help myselfThey're
dimming the street lights, you're perfect for meWhy aren't you here tonight?I'm
waiting alone now so come on and come outAnd pull me near and shine, shine,
shineHey Stephen, I could give you fifty reasonsWhy I should be the one you
chooseAll those other girls, well they're beautifulBut would they write a song
for you?[Chorus]Cause I can't help it if you look like an angelCan't help it if
I wanna kiss you in the rain, soCome feel this magic I've been feeling since I
met youCan't help it if there's no one elseI can't help myself if you look like
an angelCan't help it if I wanna kiss you in the rain, soCome feel this magic
I've been feeling since I met youCan't help it if there's no one elseMmm I can't
help myselfMyselfMmI can't help myselfI can't help myselfOh, Oh, MmMm Guess mine
is not the first heart brokenMy eyes are not the first to cryI'm not the first
to knowThere's just no getting over youYou know I'm just a fool who's willingTo
sit around and wait for youBut, baby, can't you seeThere's nothing else for me
to do?I'm hopelessly devoted to youBut now there's nowhere to hideSince you
pushed my love asideI'm out of my headHopelessly devoted to youHopelessly
devoted to youHopelessly devoted to youMy head is saying, "Fool, forget him."My
heart is saying, "Don't let go.Hold on till the end."And that's what I intend to
doI'm hopelessly devoted to youBut now there's nowhere to hideSince you pushed
my love asideI'm out of my headHopelessly devoted to youHopelessly devoted to
youHopelessly devoted to you Wish I had concentrated,They said love was
complicated,But it's something I just fell into.And it was overrated,But just
look what I created,I came out alive, but I'm black and blue.Before you ask me
if I'm alright,Think about what I,Had to do, yeahWake up and smell the break
up,Fix my heart, put on my make-up,Another mess I didn't plan.And I'll bet you
thought you beat me,Wish you could only see,I got an "I Heart ?"Written on the
back of my hand!I'd be fine if you'd just walked by,But you had to talk about
whyYou were wrong and I was right.But I can't believe you made me,Sit at home
and cry like a baby,Wait right by the phone every night.And now you ask about
you and I,There's no you and I,Remember what you put me through,I had toWake up
and smell the break up,Fix my heart, put on my make-up,Another mess I didn't
plan.And I'll bet you thought you beat me,Wish you could only seeI got an "I
Heart ?"Written on the back of my hand!And when you're home all alone at
night,You'll still wonder whyYou took everything I had, oh baby.I haven't
thought about you and I,There's no you and I, and I knowSomeday you willWake up
and smell the break up,Realize that we won't make up,It didn't go the way you
planned.And you'll know you didn't beat meWhen you look down and seeI got an "I
Heart ?"Written on the back of my hand!Written on the back of my hand!An "I
Heart ?", yeah.Written on the back of my hand! Once upon timeA few mistakes agoI
was in your sightsYou got me aloneYou found meYou found meYou found meI guess
you didn't careAnd I guess I liked thatAnd when I fell hardYou took a step
backWithout me, without me, without meAnd he's long goneWhen he's next to meAnd
I realize the blame is on me'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked inSo
shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never beenSo you put me down ohI knew you
were trouble when you walked inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never
beenNow I'm lying on the cold hard groundOh, oh, trouble, trouble, troubleOh,
oh, trouble, trouble, troubleNo apologiesHe'll never see you cryPretend he
doesn't knowThat he's the reason whyYou're drowning, you're drowning, you're
drowningAnd I heard you moved onFrom whispers on the streetA new notch in your
beltIs all I'll ever beAnd now I see, now I see, now I seeHe was long goneWhen
he met meAnd I realize the joke is on meI knew you were trouble when you walked
inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never beenSo you put me down ohI knew
you were trouble when you walked inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never
beenNow I'm lying on the cold hard groundOh, oh, trouble, trouble, troubleOh,
oh, trouble, trouble, troubleWhen your saddest fear comes creeping inThat you
never loved me or her or anyone or anythingYeahI knew you were trouble when you
walked inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never beenSo you put me down
ohI knew you were trouble when you walked inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places
I'd never beenNow I'm lying on the cold hard groundOh, oh, trouble, trouble,
troubleOh, oh, trouble, trouble, troubleI knew you were trouble when you walked
inTrouble, trouble, troubleI knew you were trouble when you walked inTrouble,
trouble, trouble Last night I heard my own heart beatingSounded like footsteps
on my stairsSix months gone and I'm still reachingEven though I know you're not
thereI was playing back a thousand memories, babyThinking 'bout everything we've
been throughMaybe I've been going back too much latelyWhen time stood still and
I had youCome back, come back, come back to me likeYou would, you would if this
was a movieStand in the rain outside 'til I came outCome back, come back, come
back to me likeYou could, you could if you just said you're sorryI know that we
could work it out somehowBut if this was a movie you'd be here by nowI know
people change and these things happenBut I remember how it was back thenLocked
up in your arms and our friends are laughing'Cause nothing like this ever
happened to them,Now I'm pacing up the hall, chasing down your streetFlashback
to a night when you said to me,"Nothing's gonna change, not for me and youNot
before I knew how much I had to lose"Come back, come back, come back to me
likeYou would, you would if this was a movieStand in the rain outside 'til I
came outCome back, come back, come back to me likeYou could, you could if you
just said you're sorryI know that we could work it out somehowBut if this was a
movie you'd be here by nowIf you're out thereIf you're somewhereIf you're moving
onI'll be waiting for youWary, since you've been goneI just want it back the way
it was beforeAnd I just want to see you back at my front doorAnd I sayCome back,
come back, come back to me likeYou would before you say it's not that easyBefore
the fight, before I locked you outBut I take it all back nowCome back, come
back, come back to me likeYou would, you would if this was a movieStand in the
rain outside 'til I came outCome back, come back, come back to me likeYou could,
you could if you just said you're sorryI know that we could work it out
somehowBut if this was a movie you'd be here by nowYou'd be here by nowIt's not
the kind of ending you wanna see nowBaby, I don't like the endingOh, I thought
you'd be here now, whoaThought you'd be here by now Friday night beneath the
starsIn a field behind your yardYou and I are paintin' pictures in the skyAnd
sometimes we don't say a thingJust listen to the crickets singEverything I need
is right here by my sideAnd I know everything about youI don't wanna live
without you[Chorus]I'm only up when you're not downDon't wanna fly if you're
still on the groundIt's like no matter what I doWell you drive me crazy half the
timeThe other half I'm only trying to Let you know that what I feel is trueAnd
I'm only me when I'm with youJust a small town boy and girlLivin' in a crazy
worldTryin' to figure out what is and isn't trueAnd I don't try to hide my
tearsThe secrets are my deepest fearsThrough it all nobody gets me like you
doAnd you know everything about meYou say that you can't live without
me[Chorus]When I'm with anybody else it's so hard to be myselfOnly you can
tellThat I'm only up when you're not downDon't wanna fly if you're still on the
groundIt's like no matter what I doWell you drive me crazy half the timeThe
other half I'm only trying To let you know that what I feel is trueAnd I'm only
meWhen I wanna beWell, I'm only me when I'm with youWith youUh huh, yeah I guess
you really did it this timeLeft yourself in your warpathLost your balance on a
tightropeLost your mind tryin' to get it backWasn't it easier in your lunchbox
days?Always a bigger bed to crawl intoWasn't it beautiful when you believed in
everything?And everybody believed in you?It's alright, just wait and seeYour
string of lights is still bright to meOh, who you are is not where you've
beenYou're still an innocentYou're still an innocentDid some things you can't
speak ofBut at night you'll live it all againYou wouldn't be shattered on the
floor nowIf only you had seen what you know now thenWasn't it easier in your
firefly-catchin' days?And everything out of reach, someone bigger brought down
to youWasn't it beautiful runnin' wild 'til you fell asleep?Before the monsters
caught up to you?It's alright, just wait and seeYour string of lights is still
bright to meOh, who you are is not where you've beenYou're still an innocentIt's
okay, life is a tough crowdThirty two is still growin' up nowWho you are is not
what you didYou're still an innocentTime turns flames to embersYou'll have new
SeptembersEvery one of us has messed up tooLives change like the weatherI hope
you rememberToday is never too late toBe brand newIt's all right, just wait and
seeYour string of lights are still bright to meOh, who you are is not where
you've beenYou're still an innocentIt's okay, life is a tough crowdThirty two,
is still growin' up nowWho you are is not what you didYou're still an
innocentYou're still an innocentLost your balance on a tight rope, ohIt's never
too late to get it back She can't see the way your eyesLight up when you
smileShe'll never notice how you stop and stareWhenever she walks byAnd you
can't see me wantin' you the way you want herBut you are everything to
me[Chorus]And I just wanna show youShe don't even know youShe's never gonna love
you like I want toAnd you just see right through me but if you only knew meWe
could be a beautiful, miracle, unbelievableInstead of just invisibleThere's a
fire inside of youThat can't help but shine throughShe's never gonna see the
lightNo matter what you doAnd all I think about is how to make you think of
meAnd everything that we could be[Chorus]Like shadows in a faded lightOh we're
invisibleI just wanna open your eyesAnd make you realize[Chorus]I just want to
show you, she don't even know you, Baby let me love you, let me want you".She
can't see the way your eyesLight up when you smile I like the way you sound in
the morning,We're on the phone and without a warningI realize your laugh is the
best sound I have ever heardI like the way I can't keep my focus,I watch you
talk you didn't noticeI hear the words but all I can think is we should be
togetherEvery time you smile, I smileAnd every time you shine, I'll shine for
youWhoa oh I'm feeling you babyDon't be afraid to jump then fall, jump then fall
into meBaby, I'm never gonna leave you,Say that you wanna be with me tooCuz I'ma
stay through it all so jump then fallWell I like the way your hair falls in your
faceYou got the keys to me I love each freckle on your face, oh,I've never been
so wrapped up,Honey, I like the way you're everything I've ever wantedI had time
to think it all over and all I can say is come closer,Take a deep breath and
jump then fall into meEvery time you smile, I smileAnd every time you shine,
I'll shine for youWhoa oh I'm feeling you babyDon't be afraid to jump then fall,
jump then fall into meBaby, I'm never gonna leave you,Say that you wanna be with
me tooI'ma stay through it all so jump then fallThe bottoms gonna drop out from
under our feetI'll catch you, I'll catch youWhen people say things that bring
you to your knees,I'll catch youThe time is gonna come when you're so mad you
could cryBut I'll hold you through the night until you smileWhoa oh I need you
babyDon't be afraid pleaseJump then fall, jump then fall into meBaby, I'm never
gonna leave you,Say that you wanna be with me tooI'ma stay through it all so
jump then fallJump then fall babyJump then fall into me, into meEvery time you
smile, I smileAnd every time you shine, I'll shineAnd every time you're here
baby, I'll show you, I'll show youYou can jump then fall, jump then fall, jump
then fall into me, into meYeah Last Christmas I gave you my heartBut the very
next day, you gave it awayThis year, to save me from tearsI'll give it to
someone specialOnce bitten and twice shyI keep my distance but you still catch
my eyeTell me babyDo you recognize meWell, it's been a year, it doesn't surprise
meMerry Christmas, I wrapped it up and sent itWith a note saying 'I love you', I
meant itNow I know what a fool I've beenBut if you kiss me now, I know you'd
fool me againLast Christmas I gave you my heartBut the very next day, you gave
it awayThis year, to save me from tearsI'll give it to someone specialLast
Christmas I gave you my heartBut the very next day, you gave it awayThis year,
to save me from tearsI'll give it to someone specialA crowded room and friends
with tired eyesI'm hiding from you and your soul of eyesMy God, I thought you
were someone to rely onMe, I guess I was a shoulder to cry onA face on a lover
with a fire in his heartA girl on a cover but you tore her apartMaybe this
yearMaybe this year I'll give it to someone special'Cause last Christmas I gave
you my heartBut the very next day, you gave it awayThis year, to save me from
tearsI'll give it to someone specialLast Christmas I gave you my heartBut the
very next day, you gave it awayThis year, to save me from tearsI'll give it to
someone specialAnd last ChristmasAnd this yearIt won't be anything like,
anything likeLast Christmas I gave you my heartBut the very next day, you gave
it awayThis year, to save me from tearsI'll give it to someone special I still
remember the look on your faceLit through the darkness at 1:58The words that you
whisperedFor just us to knowYou told me you loved meSo why did you goAwayAwayI
do recall nowThe smell of the rainFresh on the pavementI ran off the planeThat
July ninthThe beat of your heartIt jumps through your shirtI can still feel your
armsBut now I'll go sit on the floorWearing your clothesAll that I know isI
don't know how to be something you missedNever thought we'd have a last
kissNever imagined we'd end like thisYour name, forever the name on my lipsI do
rememberThe swing in your stepThe life of the party, you're showing off againAnd
I roll my eyes and thenYou pull me inI'm not much for dancingBut for you I
didBecause I love your handshakeMeetin' my fatherI love how you walk with your
hands in your pocketsHow you kissed me when I was in the middle of saying
somethingThere's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptionsAnd I'll go sit
on the floorWearing your clothesAll that I know is thatI don't know how to be
something you missNever thought we'd have a last kissNever imagined we'd end
like thisYour name, forever the name on my lipsSo I'll watch your life in
pictures like I used to watch you sleepAnd I feel you forget me like I used to
feel you breatheAnd I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you
areHope it's nice where you areAnd I hope the sun shinesAnd it's a beautiful
dayAnd something reminds youYou wish you had stayedYou can plan for a change in
weather and timeBut I never planned on you changing your mindSo I'll go sit on
the floorWearing your clothesAll that I know is thatI don't know how to be
something you missNever thought we'd have a last kissNever imagined we'd end
like thisYour name, forever the name on my lipsJust like our last kissForever
the name on my lipsForever the name on my lipsJust like our last One day break,
one heart ache, every once upon a timeThat black dress, happiness, bubble baths
and quarter linesThey mean so much to everyone,But you count them up one by
oneClear midnights, and this firelight, once thinking that your dad was ten feet
tallA blue bonnet with rain on it, quiet winters and leaves that always fallYour
black boots, my red flower ringLive for the little thingsOil paintings and
making every detail turn out rightOne last dance, new romance, living for that
love at first sightIt means so much to everyoneBut you count them up one by
oneClear midnights, and this firelight, once thinking that your dad was ten feet
tallA blue bonnet with rain on it, quiet winters and leaves that always fallYour
black boots, my red flower ringLive for the little thingsNo fighting, black
writing, wish upon a star and give the moon a smilePretending, defending, take a
risk and go along for the rideStrawberries and fairies with wingsLive for the
little things,Na na na, na na na, na na na na, uh yeahNa na na, na na na, na na
na na, oh yeah. I said remember this momentIn the back of my mindThe time we
stood with our shaking handsThe crowds in stands went wildWe were the kings and
the queensAnd they read off our namesThe night you danced like you knew our
livesWould never be the sameYou held your head like a heroOn a history book
pageIt was the end of a decadeBut the start of an ageLong live the walls we
crashed throughAll the kingdom lights shined just for me and youI was screaming,
"long live all the magic we made"And bring on all the pretendersOne day we will
be rememberedI said remember this feelingI passed the pictures aroundOf all the
years that we stood there on the sidelinesWishing for right nowWe are the kings
and the queensYou traded your baseball cap for a crownWhen they gave us our
trophiesAnd we held them up for our townAnd the cynics were outragedScreaming,
"this is absurd"'Cause for a moment a band of thieves in ripped up jeans got to
rule the worldLong live the walls we crashed throughAll the kingdom lights
shined just for me and youI was screaming, "long live all the magic we made"And
bring on all the pretendersI'm not afraidLong live all the mountains we movedI
had the time of my lifeFighting dragons with youI was screaming, "long live the
look on your face"And bring on all the pretendersOne day we will be
rememberedHold on to spinning aroundConfetti falls to the groundMay these
memories break our fallCan you take a momentPromise me this:That you'll stand by
me foreverBut if God forbid fate should step inAnd force us into a goodbyeIf you
have children somedayWhen they point to the picturesPlease tell them my nameTell
them how the crowds went wildTell them how I hope they shineLong live the walls
we crashed throughI had the time of my life with youLong, long live the walls we
crashed throughAll the kingdom lights shined just for me and youAnd I was
screaming, "long live all the magic we made"And bring on all the pretendersI'm
not afraidSinging long live all the mountains we movedI had the time of my
lifeFighting dragons with youAnd long, long live the look on your faceAnd bring
on all the pretendersOne day, we will be remembered We were both young when I
first saw youI close my eyes and the flashback startsI'm standing there on a
balcony in summer airSee the lights, see the party, the ball gownsSee you make
your way through the crowdAnd say helloLittle did I knowThat you were Romeo, you
were throwing pebblesAnd my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet"And I was crying
on the staircaseBegging you, please, don't goAnd I said,"Romeo, take me
somewhere we can be aloneI'll be waiting, all that's left to do is runYou'll be
the prince and I'll be the princessIt's a love story, baby just say yesSo I
sneak out to the garden to see youWe keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knewSo
close your eyes, escape this town for a little while'Cause you were Romeo, I was
a scarlet letterAnd my daddy said "Stay away from Juliet"But you were everything
to me, I was begging you, please, don't goAnd I said Romeo take me somewhere we
can be alone I'll be waiting, all there's left to do is runYou'll be the prince
and I'll be the princess It's a love story baby just say yes Romeo save me,
they're trying to tell me how to feelThis love is difficult, but it's realDon't
be afraid, we'll make it out of this messIt's a love story, baby just say
"Yes"Oh, ohI got tired of waitingWondering if you were ever coming aroundMy
faith in you was fadingWhen I met you on the outskirts of townAnd I said"Romeo
save me, I've been feeling so aloneI keep waiting for you but you never comeIs
this in my head? I don't know what to think"He knelt to the ground and pulled
out a ring and said"Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be aloneI love you
and that's all I really knowI talked to your dad, go pick out a white dressIt's
a love story, baby just say yes"Oh, oh, Oh, oh'Cause we were both young when I
first saw you. You, with your words like knives And swords and weapons that you
use against meYou, have knocked me off my feet again, Got me feeling like a
nothingYou, with your voice like nails On a chalk board, calling me out when I'm
woundedYou, picking on the weaker manYou can take me down With just one single
blow But you don't know what you don't knowSomeday I'll be living in a big old
city And all you're ever gonna be is meanSomeday I'll be big enough so you can't
hit me And all you're ever gonna be is meanWhy you gotta be so mean?You, with
your switching sides And your wildfire lies and your humiliationYou have pointed
out my flaws again As if I don't already see themI walk with my head down, Try
to block you out 'cause I never impress youI just want to feel okay againI bet
you got pushed aroundSomebody made you cold but the cycle ends right now 'Cause
you can't lead me down that road And you don't know what you don't knowSomeday
I'll be living in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is meanSomeday
I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is meanWhy
you gotta be so mean?And I can see you years from now in a barTalking over a
football game With that same big loud opinionBut nobody's listening, washed up
and ranting About the same old bitter thingsDrunk and rumbling on about how I
can't sing But all you are is meanAll you are is mean and a liar and patheticAnd
alone in life and mean, and mean, and mean, and meanBut someday I'll be living
in a big old city And all you're ever gonna be is meanYeah someday I'll be big
enough So you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is meanWhy you gotta be
so (mean)Someday I'll be living in a big old city(Why you gotta be so mean)And
all you're ever gonna be is mean(Why you gotta be so mean)Someday I'll be big
enough so you can't hit me(Why you gotta be so mean)And all you're ever gonna be
is meanWhy you gotta be so mean? Oh, oh, ohOh, oh, ohYou were in college,
working part-time, waiting tablesLeft a small town, never looked backI was a
flight risk, with a fear of fallin'Wondering why we bother with love, if it
never lastsI say, "can you believe it?"As we're lyin' on the couchThe moment, I
can see itYes, yes, I can see it nowDo you remember, we were sittin', there by
the water?You put your arm around me for the first timeYou made a rebel of a
careless man's careful daughterYou are the best thing, that's ever been
mineFlash forward, and we're takin' on the world togetherAnd there's a drawer of
my things at your placeYou learn my secrets and you figure out why I'm
guardedYou say we'll never make my parents' mistakesAnd we got bills to payWe
got nothin' figured outWhen it was hard to takeYes, yesThis is what I thought
aboutDo you remember, we were sittin' there, by the water?You put your arm
around me, for the first timeYou made a rebel of a careless man's careful
daughterYou are the best thing, that's ever been mineDo you remember all the
city lights on the water?You saw me start to believe, for the first timeYou made
a rebel of a careless man's careful daughterYou are the best thing, that's ever
been mineOh, oh, oh, ohAnd I remember that fight, two-thirty a.m.'Cause
everything was slipping right out of our handsI ran out, crying, and you
followed me out into the streetBraced myself for the goodbye, 'Cause that's all
I've ever knownThen, you took me by surpriseYou said, "I'll never leave you
alone"You said, "I remember how we felt, sitting by the water.And every time I
look at you, it's like the first time.I fell in love with a careless man's
careful daughter.She is the best thing that's ever been mine."You made a rebel
of a careless man's careful daughterYou are the best thing, that's ever been
mineDo you believe it?We're gonna make it nowAnd I can see it(I can see it now)
Your little hands wrapped around my fingerAnd it's so quiet in the world
tonightYour little eyelids flutter cause you're dreamingSo I tuck you in and
turn on your favorite nightlightTo you, everything's funnyYou got nothing to
regretI'd give all I have honeyIf you could stay like thatOh darling don't you
ever grow up, don't you ever grow upJust stay this littleOh darling don't you
ever grow up, don't you ever grow upIt could stay this simpleI won't let nobody
hurt youWon't let no one break your heartNo one will desert youJust try to never
grow upNever grow upYou're in the car on the way to the moviesAnd you're
mortified your mom's dropping you offAt fourteen, there's just so much you can't
doAnd you can't wait to move outSomeday and call your own shotsBut don't make
her drop you off around the blockRemember that she's getting older tooAnd don't
lose the way that you dance around in your p.j.s getting ready for schoolOh
darling don't you ever grow up, don't you ever grow upJust stay this littleOh
darling don't you ever grow up, don't you ever grow upIt could stay this
simpleAnd no one's ever burned youNothing's ever left you scarredAnd even though
you want toJust try to never grow upTake pictures in your mind of your childhood
roomMemorize what it sounded like when your dad gets homeRemember the footsteps,
remember the words saidAnd all your little brother's favorite songsI just
realized everything I have is someday gonna be goneSo here I am in my new
apartmentIn a big city, they just dropped me offIt's so much colder than I
thought it would beSo I tuck myself in and turn my nightlight onWish I'd never
grown upI wish I'd never grown upOh I don't wanna grow upWish I'd never grown
upCould still be littleOh I don't wanna grow upWish I'd never grown upIt could
still be simpleOh darling don't you ever grow up, don't you ever grow upJust
stay this littleOh darling don't you ever grow up, don't you ever grow upIt
could stay this simpleI won't let nobody hurt youWon't let no one break your
heartAnd even though you want toPlease try to never grow upDon't you ever grow
upJust never grow up (Spoken):My name's Taylor SwiftThis is a cover song I'm
gonna sing for youBy one of my favorite bands called Better Than EzraAnd its the
song called Our Last NightWe were standing in an empty roomThe moonlight was
fallingYou were holding my hand when the car pulled up for youAnd I could have
spent a life with youBut those days were overYou were calling my name when your
face faded from viewAnd wasn't it you who told me the sun would always chase the
dayAnd wasn't it you who told me:Angels fly in the air tonightSaying wasn't it
just like swimming out on the lake?And stars collide and the air's aliveOr was
it just like those promises that you madeOn our last night?I remember waking up
with youThe days doing nothingYou meant more to me then than I think you ever
knew.But you were gonna be a doctor, movie starA poet at a Nobel seminarI hope
the world never tore that out of youCause wasn't it you who told me the sun
would always chase the dayYeah wasn't it you who told me:Angels fly in the air
tonightSaying wasn't it just like swimming out on the lake?And stars collide and
the air's aliveOr was it just like those promises that you madeOn our last
night?And what ever happened to the things you lovedAnd the songs we played, and
the indian daysWhatever happened to the things you gave away?Like Harold and
Maude and singingI was waving as you drove awayThe sunlight was fallingYou were
writing backwards in a dusty window paneAngels fly in the air tonightAnd wasn't
it just like swimming out on the lake?Oh oh yeahAnd stars collide and the air's
aliveOr was it just like those promises that you madeOn our last night?On our
last nightOh oh oh oh oh I was riding shotgun with my hair undone in the front
seat of his carHe's got a one-hand feel on the steering wheelThe other on my
heartI look around, turn the radio downHe says, "Baby, is something wrong?"I
say, "Nothin', I was just thinkin' how we don't have a song"And he said,Our song
is a slamming screen doorSneakin' out late, tapping on your windowWhen we're on
the phone, and you talk real slow'Cause it's late and your mama don't knowOur
song is the way you laugh, on the first dateMan, I didn't kiss her, and I should
haveAnd when I got home, before I said amenAsking God if he could play it againI
was walking up the front porch steps after everything that dayHad gone all wrong
and been trampled onAnd lost and thrown awayGot to the hallway, well on my way
to my lovin' bedI almost didn't notice all the rosesAnd the note that said,Our
song is a slamming screen doorSneakin' out late, tapping on your windowWhen
we're on the phone, and you talk real slow'Cause it's late and your mama don't
knowOur song is the way you laugh, on the first dateMan, I didn't kiss her, and
I should haveAnd when I got home, before I said amenAsking God if he could play
it againI've heard every album, listened to the radioWaited for something to
come alongThat was as good as our song'Cause our song is a slamming screen
doorSneaking out late, tapping on his windowWhen we're on the phone, and he
talks real slow'Cause it's late, and his mama don't knowOur song is the way he
laughs, on the first dateMan, I didn't kiss him, and I should haveAnd when I got
home, before I said amenAsking God if he could play it againPlay it again, oh
yeah, oh, oh, yeahI was riding shotgun with my hair undoneIn the front seat of
his carI grabbed a pen and an old napkinAnd I wrote down our song Elevator
buttons and morning air,Strangers silence makes me want to take the stairs,If
you were here we'd laugh about their vacant stares,But right now, My time is
theirs.Seems like there's alwaysSomeone who disapproves,They'll judge it like
they know about me and you,And the verdict comes from those with nothing else to
do,The jury's out,And my choice is you.So don't you worry your pretty little
mind,People throw rocks at things that shine,And life makes love look hard,The
stakes are high,The waters rough,But this love is ours,You never know what
people have up their sleeves,Ghosts from your past gonna jump out at me,Lurking
in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles,But I don't care,'Cause right now
you're mine,And you say,So don't you worry your pretty little mind, People throw
rocks at things that shine,And life makes love look hard,The stakes are high,The
water's rough,But this love is oursAnd it's not theirs to speculate,If it's
wrong and,Your hands are tough but they are where,My belong in,I'll fight their
doubt and give you faith with this song for you.'Cause I love the gap between
your teeth,And I love the riddles that you speak,And any snide remarks from my
father about your tattoos will be ignored,'Cause my heart is yours.So don't you
worry your pretty little mind,People throw rocks at things that shine,And life
makes love look hard,And don't you worry your pretty little mind,People throw
rocks at things that shine,But they can't take what's ours,They can't take
what's ours,The stakes are high,The water's rough,But this love is ours. State
the obvious,I didn't get my perfect fantasyI realize you love yourself more than
you could ever love meSo go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and
crazyThat's fine! I'll tell mineYou're gayBy the wayI hate thatStupid old pickup
truckYou never let me driveYou're a redneck heartbreakWho's really bad at
lyingSo watch me strike a matchOn all my wasted timeAs far as I'm concerned
you'reJust another picture to burnThere's no time for tears,I'm just sitting
herePlanning my revengeThere's nothing stopping meFrom going out with all of
your best friendsAnd if you come around saying sorry to meMy daddy's gonna show
you how sorry you'll be'Cause I hate thatStupid old pickup truckYou never let me
driveYou're a redneck heartbreakWho's really bad at lyingSo watch me strike a
matchOn all my wasted timeAs far as I'm concerned you'reJust another picture to
burnIf you're missing me,You'd better keep it to yourself'Cause coming back
around hereWould be bad for your health'Cause I hate thatStupid old pickup
truckYou never let me driveYou're a redneck heartbreakWho's really bad at
lyingSo watch me strike a matchOn all my wasted timeIn case you haven't heardI
really really hate thatStupid old pickup truckYou never let me driveYou're a
redneck heartbreakWho's really bad at lyingSo watch me strike a matchOn all my
wasted timeAs far as I'm concerned you'reJust another picture to burnBurn, burn,
burn, baby, burnJust another picture to burnBaby, burn Loving him is like
driving a new Maserati down a dead-end streetFaster than the wind, passionate as
sin ending so suddenlyLoving him is like trying to change your mind once you're
already flying through the free fallLike the colors in autumn, so bright just
before they lose it allLosing him was blue like I'd never knownMissing him was
dark grey all aloneForgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never
metBut loving him was redLoving him was redTouching him was like realizing all
you ever wanted was right there in front of youMemorizing him was as easy as
knowing all the words to your old favorite songFighting with him was like trying
to solve a crossword and realizing there's no right answerRegretting him was
like wishing you never found out that love could be that strongLosing him was
blue like I'd never knownMissing him was dark gray all aloneForgetting him was
like trying to know somebody you never metBut loving him was redOh redBurning
redRemembering him comes in flashbacks and echoesTell myself it's time now,
gotta let goBut moving on from him is impossibleWhen I still see it all in my
headBurning redBurning it was redOh losing him was blue like I'd never
knownMissing him was dark gray all aloneForgetting him was like trying to know
somebody you never met'Cause loving him was redYeah, yeah redWe're burning
redAnd that's why he's spinning 'round in my headComes back to me, burning
redYeah, yeahHis love was like driving a new Maserati down a dead-end street I
remember your bare feet down the hallwayI remember your little laughRace cars on
the kitchen floorPlastic dinosaurs, I love you to the moon and backI remember
your blue eyes looking into mine like we had our own secret clubI remember you
dancing before bed time then jumping on me waking me upI can still feel you hold
my handLittle man, from even that moment I knewYou fought it hard like an army
guyRemember I leaned in and whispered to youCome on baby with me We're gonna fly
away from hereYou were my best four yearsI remember the drive home when the
blind hopeTurned to crying and screaming, "Why?"Flowers piled up in the worst
wayNo one knows what to say about a beautiful boy who diedAnd it's about to be
Halloween You could be anything you wanted if you were still hereI remember the
last day when I kissed your faceI whispered in your earCome on baby with me
We're gonna fly away from hereOut of this curtained room in this hospitalWe'll
just disappearCome on baby with meWe're gonna fly away from hereYou were my best
four yearsWhat if I'm standing in your closet trying to talk to you?What if I
kept the hand me downs you won't grow into?And what if I really thought some
miracle would see us through?But what if the miracle was even getting one moment
with youCome on baby with meWe're gonna fly away from hereCome on baby with me
We're gonna fly away from hereYou were my best four yearsI remember your bare
feet down the hallwayI love you to the moon and back Long handwritten note, deep
in your pocketWords, how little they mean, when you're a little too lateI stood
right by the tracks, your face in a locketGood girls, hopeful they'll be, and
lonely we'll waitWe had a beautiful magic love affairWhat a sad beautiful tragic
love affairIn dreams, I meet you in long conversationWe both wake in lonely
beds, and different citiesAnd time is ticking a sweet summer race in youAnd
you've got your demons and darling they all look like me'Cause we had a
beautiful magic love affairWhat a sad beautiful tragic love affairDistance,
timing, break down, fightingSilence, this train runs off its tracksKiss me, try
to fix it, would you just try to listenHang up, give up, for the life of us we
can't get it backA beautiful magic love affairWhat a sad beautiful tragic,
beautiful tragic, beautifulWhat we had, a beautiful magic love affairWhat a sad
beautiful tragic love affairWe had a beautiful magic love affairWhat a sad
beautiful tragic love affair Santa baby, slip a sable under the tree, for meI've
been an awful good girl, Santa babySo hurry down the chimney tonightSanta baby,
a '54 convertible, too, light blueWell I'll wait up for you, dear, Santa babySo
hurry down the chimney tonight, yeahThink of all the fun I've missedThink of all
the boys I haven't kissedNext year I could be just as goodIf you check off my
Christmas listSanta baby, I want a yacht and really that's not a lotI've been an
angel all year, Santa babySo hurry down the chimney tonightSanta, honey, there's
one more thing I really do need, the deedTo a platinum mine, Santa honeySo hurry
down the chimney tonightCome and trim my Christmas treeWith some decorations
bought at Tiffany'sI really do believe in youLet's see if you believe in meSanta
baby, forgot to mention one little thingA ringAnd I don't mean on the phone,
Santa babySo hurry down the chimney tonight Strange to think the songs we used
to singThe smiles, the flowers, everythingIs goneYesterday I found out about
youEven now just looking at youFeels wrongYou say that you'd take it all
backGiven one chance; it was a moment of weaknessAnd you said "yes"[Chorus]You
should've said noYou should've gone homeYou should've thought twice before you
let it all goYou should've known that word like what you did with herWould get
back to me (get back to me)And I should've been thereIn the back of your mindI
shouldn't be asking myself whyYou shouldn't be beggin' for forgiveness at my
feetYou should've said noBaby, and you might still have meYou can see that I've
been cryin'Baby, you know all the right thingsTo sayBut do you, honestlyExpect
me to believeWe could ever be the same?You say that the past is the pastYou need
one chance; it was a moment of weaknessAnd you said "yes"[Chorus]I can't
resistBefore you go, tell me thisWas it worth it?Was she worth this?No, noNo,
no, no, no[Chorus] Silent night, holy nightAll is calm and all is brightRound
yon virgin mother and childHoly infant so tender and mildSleep in heavenly
peaceSleep in heavenly peaceSilent night, holy nightShepherds quake at the
sightGlories stream from Heaven afarHeavenly hosts sing hallelujahChrist the
Savior is bornChrist our Savior is bornSilent night, holy nightSon of GodLove's
pure lightRadiant beams from thy holy faceWith the dawn of redeeming graceJesus
Lord at thy birthJesus Lord at thy birthHallelujah!Hallelujah!Hallelujah!Christ
the Savior is bornChrist the Savior is born (Verse)I'm falling down low, No hand
that I can hold, I'm left behind, They don't see the tears I cry.I cuddle up,
Writing a song, About how I feel, They say that's crazy.(Hook)They don't
understand my life, And the ways that I cry, Mmm-mmmThings are getting really
hard, Can't search on google for my love(Chorus)These nights are sleepless,
These nights are cold, Wish I could have somebodySomebody to holdDon't care if
it's for one night, I'll make do, I just want somebodySomebody to hold(Verse
2)They treat like me like I'm, A mental patient, Wish somebody, Could be in sync
with me.(Hook)They don't understand my life, And the ways that I cry,
Mmm-mmmThings are getting really hard, Can't search on google for my
love(Chorus)These nights are sleepless, These nights are cold, Wish I could have
somebodySomebody to holdDon't care if it's for one night, I'll make do, I just
want somebodySomebody to hold(Slow part)I hug the air, When reality hits meAnd
no one's there.Oh yeahI hug the airWhen reality hits meI wish some one was
there(Chorus)These nights are sleepless, These nights are cold, Wish I could
have somebodySomebody to holdDon't care if it's for one night, I'll make do, I
just want somebodySomebody to hold The way you move is like a full on
rainstormAnd I'm a house of cardsYou're the kind of reckless that should send me
runningBut I kinda know that I won't get farAnd you stood there in front of me
justClose enough to touchClose enough to hope you couldn't seeWhat I was
thinking ofDrop everything nowMeet me in the pouring rainKiss me on the
sidewalkTake away the pain'Cause I see, sparks fly, whenever you smileGet me
with those green eyes, babyAs the lights go downGimme something that'll haunt me
whenever you're not around'Cause I see, sparks fly, when you smileMy mind
forgets to remind me, your a bad ideaYou touch me once and it's really
somethingYou find I'm even better than you, imagined I would beI'm on my guard
for the rest of the worldBut with you I know its no goodAnd I could wait
patientlyBut I really wish you wouldDrop everything nowMeet me in the pouring
rainKiss me on the sidewalkTake away the pain'Cause I see, sparks fly, whenever
you smileGet me with those green eyes, babyAs the lights go downGimme something
that'll haunt me when you're not around'Cause I see, sparks fly, whenever you
smileI run my fingers through your hairAnd watch the lights go wildJust keep on
keeping your eyes on meIts just wrong enough to make it feel rightAnd lead me up
the staircaseWon't you whisper soft and slowAnd I'm captivated by you babyLike a
fireworks showDrop everything nowMeet me in the pouring rainKiss me on the
sidewalkTake away the pain'Cause I see, sparks fly whenever you smileGet me with
those green eyes, babyAs the lights go downGimme something that'll haunt me when
you're not around'Cause I see, sparks fly, whenever you smileWhen sparks fly oh
baby smileWhen sparks fly I am not the kind of girl,Who should be rudely bargin'
in on a white veil occasion,But you are not the kind of boy,Who should be
marryin' the wrong girlI sneak in and see your friends,And her snotty little
family, all dressed in pastel,And she is yelling at a bridesmaid,Somewhere back
inside a room,Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry,This is surely not what you
thought it would be,I lose myself in a daydream,Where I stand and say"Don't say
yes, run away now,I'll meet you when you're out,Of the church at the back
door,Don't wait or say a single vow,You need to hear me out,"And they said,
"Speak now"Fond gestures are exchanged,And the organ starts to playA song that
sounds like a death march,And I am hiding in the curtains,It seems I was
uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be,She floats down the aisle like a pageant
queen,But I know you wish it was me,You wish it was me, don't you?Don't say yes,
run away now,I'll meet you when you're out,Of the church at the back door,Don't
wait or say a single vow,You need to hear me out,And they said, "Speak now"Don't
say yes, run away now,I'll meet you when you're out,Of the church at the back
door,Don't wait or say a single vow,Your time is running out,And they said,
"Speak now"I hear the preacher say,"Speak now or forever hold your
peace,"There's a silence, there's my last chance,I stand up with shaking
hands,All eyes on me,Horrified looks from everyone in the room,But I'm only
lookin' at youI am not the kind of girl,Who should be rudely bargin' in on a
white veil occasion,But you are not the kind of boy,Who should be marryin' the
wrong girlDon't say yes, run away now,I'll meet you when you're out,Of the
church at the back door,Don't wait or say a single vow,You need to hear me
out,And they said, "Speak now"And you say, "Let's run away now,I'll meet you
when I'm out of my tux at the back door,Oh baby, I didn't say my vow,So glad you
were around when they said, "Speak now" I said oh myWhat a marvelous tune It was
the best night Never would forget how we moved The whole placeWas dressed to the
ninesAnd we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight Like we're made
of starlight I met Bobby on the boardwalk summer of '45Picks me up play one
night out the window we were 17 and crazy Running wild, wildCan't remember what
song he was playing when we walked inThe night we snuck into a yacht club party
Pretending to be a duchess and a prince And I said oh myWhat a marvelous tune It
was the best night Never would forget how we moved The whole placeWas dressed to
the ninesAnd we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight,
starlightLike we're made of starlight, starlightHe said look at you,Worrying so
much about things you can't changeYou'll spend your whole life singing the
bluesIf you keep thinking that wayHe was trying to skip rocks on the ocean
saying to me Don't you see the starlight, starlightDon't you dream impossible
things Like, oh myWhat a marvelous tune It was the best night Never would forget
how we moved The whole placeWas dressed to the ninesAnd we were dancing, dancing
Like we're made of starlight, starlightLike we're made of starlight, starlight
Ooh, ooh he's talking crazy Ooh, ooh dancing with meOoh, ooh we could get
married Have 10 kids and teach them how to dreamOh myWhat a marvelous tune It
was the best night Never would forget how we moved The whole placeWas dressed to
the ninesAnd we were dancing, dancing Like we're made of starlight,
starlightLike we're made of starlight, starlightLike we're made of starlight,
starlightLike we dream impossible dreams Like starlight, starlightLike we dream
impossible dreams Don't you see the starlight, starlightDon't you dream
impossible things Cory's eyes are like a jungleHe smiles; it's like the radioHe
whispers songs into my window In words that nobody knowsThere's pretty girls on
every cornerThey watch him as he's walking homeSaying, does he knowWill you ever
know?[Chorus]You're beautifulEvery little piece, love; don't you know?You're
really gonna be someoneAsk anyoneAnd when you find everything you've looked forI
hope your love leads you back to my doorOh, but if it don't, stay beautifulCory
finds another way to beThe highlight of my dayI'm taking pictures in my mindSo I
can save them for a rainy dayIt's hard to make a conversationWhen he's taking my
breath awayI should say "hey, by the way[Chorus]If you and I are a storyThat
never gets toldIf what you are is a daydreamI'll never get to hold, at least
you'll knowYou're beautifulEvery little piece, love; don't you know?You're
really gonna be someoneAsk anyoneAnd when you find everything you've looked forI
hope your love leads you back to my front doorOh, but if it don'tWill you stay
beautiful, beautiful, beautifulBeautiful, beautiful, beautiful?Oh, oh, ohOh, oh,
ohOh, but if it don'tStay beautifulStay beautifulNa, na, na, na, na I'm pretty
sure we almost broke up last nightI threw my phone across the room at youI was
expecting some dramatic turn awayBut you stayedThis morning I said we should
talk about it'Cause I read you should never leave a fight unresolvedThat's when
you came in wearing a football helmetAnd said okay, let's talkAnd I saidStay,
stay, stayI've been loving you for quite some time, time, timeYou think that
it's funny when I'm mad, mad, madBut I think that it's best if we both
stayBefore you, I'd only dated self indulgent takers who took all of their
problem out on meBut you carry my groceries and now I'm always laughingI love
you, because you have given me no choice but toStay, stay, stayI've been loving
you for quite some time, time, timeYou think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad,
madBut I think that it's best if we both stayStay, stay, stayYou took the time
to memorize me, my fears, my hopes and dreams, I just like hanging out with
youAll the timeAll those times that you didn't leave, it's been occurring to
meI'd like to hang out with you for my whole lifeStay and I'll be loving you for
quite some timeNo one else is gonna love me when I get mad, mad, madSo I think
that it's best if we both stay, stay, stayStay, stay, stayStay, stay, stayI've
been loving you for quite some time, time, timeYou think that it's funny when
I'm mad, mad, madBut I think that it's best if we both stayStay, stay, stay,
stay, stayStay, stay, stayI've been loving you for quite some time, time,
timeYou think that it's funny when I'm mad, mad, madBut I think that it's best
if we both stay I used to think one day we'd tell the story of usHow we met and
the sparks flew instantlyPeople would say, "they're the lucky ones"I used to
know my place was a spot next to youNow I'm searching the room for an empty
seat'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're onOh, a simple
complicationMiscommunications lead to fall outSo many things that I wish you
knewSo many walls up I can't break throughNow I'm standing aloneIn a crowded
roomAnd we're not speakingAnd I'm dying to knowIs it killing youLike it's
killing me yeahI don't know what to saySince a twist of fateWhen it all broke
downAnd the story of usLooks a lot like a tragedy nowNext chapterHow'd we end up
this way?See me nervously pulling at my clothesAnd trying to look busyAnd you're
doing your best to avoid meI'm starting to think one day I'll tell the story of
usHow I was losing my mind when I saw you hereBut you held your pride like you
should have held meOh, I'm scared to see the endingWhy are we pretending this is
nothing?I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know howI've never heard silence
quite this loudNow I'm standing aloneIn a crowded roomAnd we're not speakingAnd
I'm dying to knowIs it killing youLike it's killing me yeahI don't know what to
saySince the twist of fateWhen it all broke downAnd the story of usLooks a lot
like a tragedy nowThis is looking like a contestOf who can act like they care
lessBut I liked it better when you were on my sideThe battle's in your hands
nowBut I would lay my armor downIf you'd say you'd rather love than fightSo many
things that you wish I knewBut the story of us might be ending soonNow I'm
standing aloneIn a crowded roomAnd we're not speakingAnd I'm dying to knowIs it
killing youLike it's killing me yeahI don't know what to saySince the twist of
fateWhen it all broke downAnd the story of usLooks a lot like a tragedy now,
now, nowAnd we're not speakingAnd I'm dying to knowIs it killing youLike it's
killing me yeahI don't know what to saySince the twist of fate'Cause we're going
downAnd the story of usLooks a lot like a tragedy now I used to think one day
we'd tell the story of usHow we met and the sparks flew instantlyPeople would
say, "they're the lucky ones"I used to know my place was a spot next to youNow
I'm searching the room for an empty seat'Cause lately I don't even know what
page you're onOh, a simple complicationMiscommunications lead to fall outSo many
things that I wish you knewSo many walls up I can't break throughNow I'm
standing alone In a crowded roomAnd we're not speaking and I'm dying to knowIs
it killing you like it's killing me yeahI don't know what to say since the twist
of fateWhen it all broke down and the story of usLooks a lot like a tragedy now
next chapterHow'd we end up this way?See me nervously pulling at my clothesAnd
trying to look busyAnd you're doing your best to avoid meI'm starting to think
one day I'll tell the story of usHow I was losing my mind when I saw you hereBut
you held your pride like you should have held meOh, I'm scared to see the
endingWhy are we pretending this is nothing?I'd tell you I miss you but I don't
know howI've never heard silence quite this loudNow I'm standing alone in a
crowded roomAnd we're not speaking and I'm dying to knowIs it killing you like
it's killing me yeahI don't know what to say since the twist of fateWhen it all
broke down and the story of usLooks a lot like a tragedy nowThis is looking like
a contestOf who can act like they care lessBut I liked it better when you were
on my sideThe battle's in your hands nowBut I would lay my armor downIf you'd
say you'd rather love than fightSo many things that you wish I knewBut the story
of us might be ending soonNow I'm standing alone in a crowded roomAnd we're not
speaking and I'm dying to knowIs it killing you like it's killing me yeahI don't
know what to say since the twist of fateWhen it all broke down and the story of
usLooks a lot like a tragedy now, the end Tall dark and SupermanHe puts papers
in his briefcase and drives awayTo save the world or go to workIt's the same
thing to meHes got his mothers eyes, his fathers ambitionI wonder if he knows
how much that I miss himAnd I know every word that you say, yayYou smile and
say, "How are you?"And I'll say, "Just fine"I always forget to tell you, I love
you, I love you, foreverI watch superman fly awayYou've got a busy day todayGo
save the world I'll be aroundI watch superman fly awayCome back I'll be with you
somedayI'll be right here on the groundWhen you come back downTalk dark and
beautifulHe's complicated, he's so irrationalBut I hope someday you take me away
and save the day, yeahSomething in his deep browns eyes has me singin'He's not
as bad like this reputationI can't hear one single word they said, noYou really
got places to be and I'll be old thenI always forget to tell you I love you, I
loved you from the very first dayI watch superman fly awayYou've got a busy day
todayGo save the world I'll be aroundI watch superman fly awayCome back I'll be
with you somedayI'll be right here on the groundWhen you come back downAnd I
watch you fly around the worldAnd I hope you don't take some other girlI hope
you don't forget about meI'm far away but I'll never let you goI'm lovestruck
and looking out the windowDon't forget, don't forget where I'll beRight here
wishing the flowers were from youWishing the card was from youWishing the call
was from you'Cause I loved you from the very first dayI watch superman fly
awayYou've got a busy day today to save the worldI'll be around forever and ever
hereI watch superman fly awayI swear I'll be with you somedayI'll be right here
on the groundWhen you come back downLa, la, laWhen you come back down This is
wrong butI can't help but feel likeThere ain't nothing more right babeMisty
morning comes again and I can'tHelp but wish I could see your faceAnd I knew
from the first note played I'd be breaking all my rules to see youYou smile that
beautiful smileAnd all the girls in the front row scream your nameSo dim that
spotlight, tell me things likeI can't take my eyes off of youI'm no one special,
just another wide-eyed girlWho's desperately in love with youGive me a
photograph to hang on my wallSuperstarGood morning lonelinessComes around when
I'm not dreaming about youWhen my world wakes up today you'll be in another
townAnd I knew when I saw your face I'd beCounting down the ways to see youAnd
you smile that beautiful smileAnd all the girls in the front row scream your
nameSo dim that spotlight, tell me things likeI can't take my eyes off of youI'm
no one special, just another wide-eyed girlWho's desperately in love with
youGive me a photograph to hang on my wallSuperstarYou played in bars, you play
guitarAnd I'm invisible and everyone knows who you areAnd you'll never see, you
sing me to sleepEvery night from the radioSo dim that spotlight, tell me things
likeI can't take my eyes off of youI'm no one special, just another wide-eyed
girlWho's desperately in love with youGive me a photograph to hang on my
wallSuperstarSweet, sweet superstarSuperstar Hit the ground, hit the ground, hit
the ground, oh ohOnly sound, only sound that you hear is "no"You never saw it
comingSlipped when you started runningAnd now you've come undone and I, I, I,
ISeen you fall, seen you crawl on your knees, eh ehSeen you lost in a crowd,
seen your colors fadeWish I could make it betterSomeday you won't rememberThis
pain you thought would last forever and everAnd there you'll stand, ten feet
tallI will say, I knew it all alongYour eyes' wider than distanceThis life's
sweeter than fictionJust a shot, just a shot in the dark, oh ohAll you got, all
you got are your shattered hopesThey never saw it comingYou hit the ground
runningAnd now you're onto something, I, I, I sayWhat a sight, what a sight when
the light came onProved me right, proved me right when you proved them wrongAnd
in this perfect weatherIt's like we don't rememberThe rain we thought would last
forever and everAnd there you'll stand, ten feet tallI will say, I knew it all
alongYour eyes' wider than distanceThis life's sweeter than fictionThere you'll
stand, next to meAll at once, the rest is historyYour eyes' wider than
distanceThis life's sweeter than fiction, fictionI'll be one of the many
saying,Look at you now, look at you now, nowI'll be one of the many saying,You
made us proud, you made us proud, proudI'll be one of the many saying,Look at
you now, look at you now, nowI'll be one of the many saying,You made us proud,
you made us proud, proudAnd when they call your nameAnd they put your picture in
a frameYou know that I'll be there time and again'Cause I loved you when, when
youHit the ground, hit the ground, hit the ground, oh ohOnly sound, only sound
that you heard was "no"Now in this perfect weatherIt's like we don't rememberThe
rain we thought would last forever and ever (forever)There you'll stand, ten
feet tallI will say, I knew it all alongYour eyes' wider than distanceThis
life's sweeter than fictionThere you'll stand next to meAll at once, the rest is
historyYour eyes' wider than distanceThis life's sweeter than fiction,
fictionIt's sweeter than fictionIt's sweeter, yeahIt's sweeter than,
sweeterSweeter than fiction Drew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't seeThat
I want and I'm needing everything that we should beI'll bet she's beautiful,
that girl he talks aboutAnd she's got everything that I have to live withoutDrew
talks to me, I laugh 'cause it is so damn funnyThat I can't even see anyone when
he's with meHe says he's so in love, he's finally got it right,I wonder if he
knows he's all I think about at nightHe's the reason for the teardrops on my
guitarThe only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing starHe's the song in the
car I keep singing, don't know why I doDrew walks by me, can he tell that I
can't breathe?And there he goes, so perfectly,The kind of flawless I wish I
could beShe'd better hold him tight, give him all her loveLook in those
beautiful eyes and know she's lucky causeHe's the reason for the teardrops on my
guitarThe only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing starHe's the song in the
car I keep singing, don't know why I doSo I drive home alone, as I turn out the
lightI'll put his picture down and maybeGet some sleep tonightBecause he's the
reason for the teardrops on my guitarThe only one who's got enough of me to
break my heartHe's the song in the car I keep singing, don't know why I doHe's
the time taken up, but there's never enoughAnd he's all that I need to fall
intoDrew looks at me, I fake a smile so he won't see I took a chance, I took a
shotAnd you might think I'm bulletproof, but I'm notYou took a swing, I took it
hardAnd down here from the ground I see who you areI'm sick and tired of your
attitudeI'm feeling like I don't know youYou tell me that you love me then you
cut me down[Chorus]And I need you like a heartbeatBut you know you got a mean
streakMakes me run for cover when you're aroundAnd here's to you and your
temperYes, I remember what you said last nightAnd I know that you see what
you're doing to meTell me whyYou could write a book on how to ruin someone's
perfect dayWell I get so confused and frustratedForget what I'm trying to say,
ohI'm sick and tired of your reasonsI got no one to believe inYou tell me that
you want me, then push me around[Chorus]Why, do you have to make me feel smallSo
you can feel whole insideWhy, do you have to put down my dreamsSo you're the
only thing on my mindWell I'm sick and tired of your attitudeI'm feeling like I
don't know youYou tell me that you want me then cut me downI'm sick and tired of
your reasonsI've got no one to believe inYou ask me for my love then you push me
aroundHere's to you and your temperYes, I remember what you said last nightAnd I
know that you see what you're doing to meTell me whyWhy, tell me whyI take a
step back, let you goI told you I'm not bulletproofNow you know I'm five years
oldIt's getting cold I've got my big coat onI hear your laughAnd look up smiling
at youI run and runPast the pumpkin patchAnd the tractor ridesLook now, the sky
is goldI hug your legsAnd fall asleep on the way homeI don't know why all the
trees change in the fallBut I know you're not scared of anything at allDon't
know if Snow White's house is near or far awayBut I know I had the best day with
you todayI'm thirteen nowAnd don't know howMy friends could be so meanI come
home cryingAnd you hold me tightAnd grab the keysAnd we drive and driveUntil we
found a town far enough awayAnd we talk and window shop'Till I forgotten all
their namesI don't know who I'm gonna talk to now at schoolBut I know I'm
laughingOn the car ride home with youDon't know how long it's gonna take to feel
okayBut I know I had the best day with you todayI have an excellent fatherHis
strength is making me strongerGod smiles on my little brotherInside and out he's
better than I amI grew up in a pretty houseAnd I've got space to run and hideAnd
I had the best days with youThere is a video I foundFrom back when I was
threeYou set up a paint set in the kitchenAnd you're talking to meIt's the age
of princesses and pirate shipsAnd the seven dwarfsAnd Daddy's smartAnd you're
the prettiest lady in the whole wide worldAnd now I know why the all the trees
change in the fallI know you were on my sideEven when I was wrongAnd I love you
for giving me your eyesStaying back and watching me shineAnd, I didn't know if
you knewSo I'm taking this chance to sayThat I had the best day with you today.
[Chorus]The jokes about you all of themThe jokes about it is not the sameThe
jokes about they're all that mattersI put a smile on historicalThe jokes about
you all of themThe jokes about it is not the sameThe jokes about they're all
that mattersI put a smile on historical[Chorus]The jokes about you all of
themThe jokes about it is not the sameThe jokes about they're all that mattersI
put a smile on historicalThe jokes about you all of themThe jokes about it is
not the sameThe jokes about they're all that mattersI put a smile on
historical[Chorus]The jokes about you all of themThe jokes about it is not the
sameThe jokes about they're all that mattersI put a smile on historicalThe jokes
about you all of themThe jokes about it is not the sameThe jokes about they're
all that mattersI put a smile on historical[Refrain]The jokes, the jokes, the
jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes,
the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the
jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes,
the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the
jokes[Interlude]Hey you! Just think while you're in a row of a sudden urge the
best of all time high right here is my new phone case for a long day ahead and
the jokes are so much better now than ever to have the right thing and it will
not have to do it all day today I have a lot more to come back and the jokes on
me I have no idea what I was in a row of my favorite thing about being able a
new song on my old phone call to get my money where we can be used for the next
two weeks before finally getting.[Bridge]The jokes are you a lot of the year
before I go to bedThe jokes on the phone and the otherwise it would beThe jokes
about a month or more to do that in my inbox and a few tearsWhy are we doing
this to be the jokes[Chorus]The jokes about you all of themThe jokes about it is
not the sameThe jokes about they're all that mattersI put a smile on
historicalThe jokes about you all of themThe jokes about it is not the sameThe
jokes about they're all that mattersI put a smile on historical[Refrain x4]The
jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the
jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes,
the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the
jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes, the jokes, the jokesThe jokes, the jokes,
the jokes, the jokes I found myself at your door, just like all those times
beforeBut I'm not sure how I got thereAll roads, they lead me hereI imagine you
are home, in your room, all aloneAnd you open your eyes into mine and everything
feels betterRight before your eyes I'm breakingNo past, no reasons whyJust you
and meThis is the last time I'm asking you thisPut my name at the top of your
listThis is the last time I'm asking you whyYou break my heart in the blink of
an eye, eye, eyeYou find yourself at my door, just like all those times
beforeYou wear your best apologyBut I was there to watch you leaveAnd all the
time to let you in, just for you to go againDisappear when you come
backEverything is betterAnd right before your eyes I'm achingRun fast, nowhere
to hideJust you and meThis is the last time I'm asking you thisPut my name at
the top of your listThis is the last time I'm asking you whyYou break my heart
in the blink of an eye, eye, eyeThis is the last time you tell me I've got it
wrongThis is the last time I say it's been you all alongThis is the last time I
let you in my doorThis is the last time, I won't hurt you anymore, ohhThis is
the last time I'm asking you thisPut my name at the top of your listThis is the
last time I'm asking you whyYou break my heart in the blink of an eyeThis is the
last time I'm asking you this (This is the last time I'm asking you this)Put my
name at the top of your list (Put my name at the top of your list)This is the
last time I'm asking you why (This is the last time I'm asking you why)You break
my heart in the blink of an eye (You break my heart)This is the last time I'm
asking you, last time I'm asking you, last time I'm asking you thisThis is the
last time I'm asking you, last time I'm asking you, last time I'm asking you
thisThis is the last time I'm asking you, last time I'm asking you, last time
I'm asking you thisThis is the last time I'm asking you, last time I'm asking
you, last time I'm asking you this New to town with a made up name in the angel
city, chasing fortune and fameAnd the camera flashes, make it look like a
dreamYou had it figured out since you were in schoolEverybody loves pretty,
everybody loves coolSo over night, you look like a sixties queenAnother name
goes up in lightsLike diamonds in the skyAnd they'll tell you now, you're the
lucky oneYeah, they'll tell you now, you're the lucky oneBut can you tell me
now, you're the lucky one?Oh, oh, ohNow it's big black cars and Riviera viewsAnd
your lover in the foyer doesn't even know youAnd your secrets end up, splashed
on the news front pageAnd they tell you that you're lucky but you're so
confused'Cause you don't feel pretty, you just feel usedAnd all the young things
line up to take your placeAnother name goes up in lightsYou wonder if you'll
make it out aliveAnd they'll tell you now, you're the lucky oneYeah, they'll
tell you now, you're the lucky oneCan you tell me now, you're the lucky one?Oh,
oh, ohIt was a few years later, I showed up hereAnd they still tell the legend
of how you disappearedThey took the money and your dignity and got the hell
outThey say you bought a bunch of land somewhereChose the rose garden over
Madison SquareAnd it took some time but I understand it now'Cause now my name is
up in lightsBut I think you got it rightLet me tell you now, you're the lucky
oneLet me tell you now, you're the lucky oneLet me tell you now, you're the
lucky oneOh, oh, ohYeah, they'll tell you now, you're the lucky oneYeah, they'll
tell you now, you're the lucky oneCan you tell me now, you're the lucky one?Oh,
oh, ohOh, oh, oh You should've been there,Should've burst through the door,With
that 'baby I'm right here' smile,And it would've felt like,A million little
shining stars had just aligned,And I would've been so happy.Christmas lights
glisten,I've got my eye on the door,Just waiting for you to walk in,But the time
is ticking,People ask me how I've beenAs I comb back through my memory,How you
said you'd be here,You said you'd be here.And it was like slow motion,Standing
there in my party dress,In red lipstick,With no one to impress,And they're all
laughing,As I'm looking around the room,But there was one thing missing,And that
was the moment I knew.And the hours pass by,Now I just wanna be alone,But your
close friends always seem to knowWhen there's something really wrong,So they
follow me down the hall,And there in the bathroom,I try not to fall apart,And
the sinking feeling starts,As I say hopelessly,"He said he'd be here."And it was
like slow motion,Standing there in my party dress,In red lipstick,With no one to
impress,And they're all laughing,And asking me about you,But there was one thing
missing,And that was the moment I knew.What do you sayWhen tears are streaming
down your faceIn front of everyone you know?And what do you do when the oneWho
means the most to youIs the one who didn't show?You should've been here.And I
would've been so happy.And it was like slow motion,Standing there in my party
dress,In red lipstick,With no one to impress,And they're all standing around me
singing"Happy birthday to you",But there was one thing missing,And that was the
moment I knew.Ooh, I knew.Ooh,You called me later,And said, "I'm sorry, I didn't
make it,"And I said, "I'm sorry too,"And that was the moment I knew. In the heat
of the fight I walked awayIgnoring words that you were sayingTrying to make me
stayI said, 'This time I've had enough'And you've called a hundred timesBut I'm
not picking up'Cause I'm so mad I might tell you that it's overBut if you look a
little closerI said leave but all I really want is youTo stand outside my window
throwing pebblesScreaming, 'I'm in love with you'Wait there in the pouring rain,
coming back for moreAnd don't you leave cause I knowAll I need is on the other
side of the doorMe and my stupid pride, sitting here aloneGoing through the
photographsStaring at the phoneI keep going back over, things we both saidAnd I
remember the slamming doorAnd all the things that I misreadSo babe if you know
everythingTell me why you couldn't seeThat when I left I wanted you to chase
after meYeah, I said leave but all I really want is youTo stand outside my
window throwing pebblesScreaming, 'I'm in love with you'Wait there in the
pouring rain, coming back for moreAnd don't you leave cause I knowAll I need is
on the other side of the doorAnd I'll scream out the windowI can't even look at
youI don't need you but I do, I do, I doI say, 'there's nothing you can sayTo
make this right again'I mean it, I mean it, what I mean II said leave but baby
all I want is youTo stand outside my window throwing pebblesScreaming, 'I'm in
love with you'Wait there in the pouring rain, coming back for moreAnd don't you
leave cause I knowAll I need is on the other side of the doorWith your face and
the beautiful eyesAnd the conversation with the little white liesAnd the faded
picture of a beautiful nightYou carried me from your car up the stairsAnd I
broke down crying, wish it weren't this messAfter everything and that little
black dressAfter everything I must confess, I need you I didn't know what I
would find When I went lookin' for a reason I know I didn't read between the
linesAnd, baby, I've got nowhere to goI tried to take the road less traveled
byBut nothin' seems to work the first few timesAm I right?So how can I ever try
to be better?Nobody ever lets me inAnd I can still see you; this ain't the best
viewOn the outside, lookin' inI've been a lot of lonely places I've never been
on the outsideYou saw me there, but never knewThat I would give it all up to beA
part of this, a part of youAnd now it's all too late, so you seeYou could have
helped if you had wanted toBut no one notices until it's too late to do
anythingHow could I ever try to be better?Nobody ever lets me inAnd I can still
see you; this ain't the best viewOn the outside, lookin' inI've been a lot of
lonely places I've never been on the outsideOh, yeahHow can I ever try to be
better?Nobody ever lets me inAnd I can still see you; this ain't the best viewOn
the outside, lookin' inI've been a lot of lonely places I've never been on the
outsideOh, ohOh, oh, Oh, ohOh, ohOh, oh He is sensible and so incredibleAnd all
my single friends are jealousHe says everything I need to hear and it's likeI
couldn't ask for anything betterHe opens up my door and I get into his carAnd he
says you look beautiful tonightAnd I feel perfectly fine[Chorus]But I miss
screaming and fighting and kissing in the rainAnd it's two a.m. and I'm cursing
your nameYou're so in love that you act insaneAnd that's the way I loved
youBreakin' down and coming undoneIt's a roller coaster kinda rushAnd I never
knew I could feel that muchAnd that's the way I loved youHe respects my spaceAnd
never makes me waitAnd he calls exactly when he says he willHe's close to my
motherTalks business with my fatherHe's charming and endearingAnd I'm
comfortable[Chorus]He can't see the smile I'm fakingAnd my heart's not
breakingCause I'm not feeling anything at allAnd you were wild and crazyJust so
frustrating intoxicatingComplicated, got away by some mistake and nowI miss
screaming and fighting and kissing in the rainAnd it's two a.m. and I'm cursing
your nameI'm so in love that I acted insaneAnd that's the way I loved
youBreakin' down and coming undoneIt's a roller coaster kinda rushAnd I never
knew I could feel that muchAnd that's the way I loved youAnd that's the way I
loved you oh, ohNever knew I could feel that muchAnd that's the way I loved you
Seems the only one who doesn't see your beautyIs the face in the mirror looking
back at youYou walk around here thinking you're not prettyBut that's not true
'cause I know you[Chorus]Hold on, baby; you're losing itThe water's high, you're
jumping into itAnd letting go, and no one knowsThat you cry; but you don't tell
anyoneThat you might not be the golden oneAnd you're tied together with a
smileBut you're coming undoneI guess it's true that love was all you
wanted'Cause you're givin' it away like it's extra changeHoping it will end up
in his pocketBut he leaves you out like a penny in the rainOh, 'cause it's not
his price to payIt's not his price to pay[Chorus x2]You're tied together with a
smileBut you're coming undone, ohGoodbye, babyWith a smile, baby, baby He said
the way my blue eyes shinedPut those Georgia stars to shame that nightI said:
"That's a lie."Just a boy in a Chevy truckThat had a tendency of gettin' stuckOn
back roads at nightAnd I was right there beside him all summer longAnd then the
time we woke up to find that summer had goneBut when you think "Tim McGraw"I
hope you think my favorite songThe one we danced to all night longThe moon like
a spotlight on the lakeWhen you think happinessI hope you think "that little
black dress"Think of my head on your chestAnd my old faded blue jeansWhen you
think Tim McGrawI hope you think of meSeptember saw a month of tearsAnd thankin'
God that you weren't hereTo see me like thatBut in a box beneath my bedIs a
letter that you never readFrom three summers backIt's hard not to find it all a
little bitter sweetAnd lookin' back on all of that, it's nice to believeBut when
you think "Tim McGraw"I hope you think my favorite songThe one we danced to all
night longThe moon like a spotlight on the lakeWhen you think happinessI hope
you think "that little black dress"Think of my head on your chestAnd my old
faded blue jeansWhen you think Tim McGrawI hope you think of meAnd I'm back for
the first time since thenI'm standin' on your streetAnd there's a letter left on
your doorstepAnd the first thing that you'll readIs when you think "Tim McGraw"I
hope you think my favorite songSomeday you'll turn your radio onI hope it takes
you back to that placeWhen you think happinessI hope you think "that little
black dress"Think of my head on your chestAnd my old faded blue jeansWhen you
think Tim McGrawI hope you think of meOh, think of meMmmYou said the way my blue
eyes shinedPut those Georgia stars to shame that nightI said, "That's a lie."
Today was a fairytaleYou were the princeI used to be a damsel in distressYou
took me by the hand and you picked me up at sixToday was a fairytaleToday was a
fairytaleToday was a fairytaleI wore a dressYou wore a dark gray t-shirtYou told
me I was pretty when I looked like a messToday was a fairytaleTime slows down
whenever you're aroundBut can you feel this magic in the air?It must have been
the way you kissed meFell in love when I saw you standing thereIt must have been
the wayToday was a fairytaleIt must have been the wayToday was a fairytaleToday
was a fairytaleYou've got a smile that takes me to another planetEvery move you
make everything you say is rightToday was a fairytaleToday was a fairytaleAll
that I can say is now it's getting so much clearerNothin' made sense 'til the
time I saw your faceToday was a fairytaleTime slows down whenever you're
aroundYeah yeahBut can you feel this magic in the air?It must have been the way
you kissed meFell in love when I saw you standing thereIt must have been the
wayToday was a fairytaleIt must have been the wayToday was a fairytaleTime slows
down whenever you're aroundI can feel my heartIt's beating in my chestDid you
feel it?I can't put this downBut can you feel this magic in the air?It must have
been the way you kissed meFell in love when I saw you standing thereIt must have
been the wayBut can you feel this magic in the air?It must have been the way you
kissed meFell in love when I saw you standing thereIt must have been the
wayToday was a fairytaleIt must have been the wayToday was a fairytaleOh oh yeah
yeah oh Today was a fairytale Put your lips close to mineAs long as they don't
touchOut of focus, eye to eyeTill the gravity is too muchAnd I'll do anything
you sayIf you say it with your handsAnd I'll be smart to walk away But you're
quick sandThis slope is treacherousThis path is recklessThis slope is
treacherousAnd I, I, I like itI can't decide if it's a choiceGetting swept awayI
hear the sound of my own voiceAsking you to stayAnd all we are is skin and bone
trained to get alongForever going with the flow but you're frictionThis slope is
treacherousThis path is recklessThis slope is treacherousI, I, I like itTwo
headlights shine through the sleepless nightAnd I will get you get you aloneYour
name has echoed through my mindAnd I just think you should think you should
knowThat nothing safe is worth the driving And I will follow you follow you
homeI follow you follow you homeThis hope is treacherousThis day dream is
dangerousThis hope is treacherousI, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, ITwo headlights shine
through the sleepless nightAnd I will get you get you aloneYour name has echoed
through my mindAnd I just think you should think you should knowThat nothing
safe is worth the driveAnd I will follow you follow you homeI'll follow you,
follow you homeI'll follow you, follow you homeI'll follow you, follow you
homeThis slope is treacherousI, I, I like it You had my heart, we'll never be
worlds apartMaybe in magazines but you'll still be my starBaby 'cause in the
dark, you can't see shiny carsThat's when you need me there, with you I'll
always shareBecause when the sun shines we'll shine togetherTold you I'll be
here foreverSaid I'll always be your friendTook an oath, I'ma stick it out to
the endNow that it's raining more than everKnow that we'll still have each
otherYou can stand under my umbrellaYou can stand under my
umbrella-ella-ella-ay-ay-ayUnder my umbrella-ella-ella-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ayJust
trying to get your attention Untouchable likeA distant diamond skyI'm reaching
outAnd I justCan't tell you whyI'm caught up in youI'm caught up in
youUntouchable burningBrighter than the sunAnd when you're closeI feel like
coming undoneIn the middle of the nightWhen I'm in this dreamIt's likeA million
little starsSpelling out your nameYou gotta come on, come onSay that we'll be
togetherCome on, come onLittle taste of heavenIt's half fullAnd I won't wait
hereAll dayI know you're sayingThat you'd be hereAnywayBut you'reUntouchable
burningBrighter than the sunNow that you're closeI feel like coming undoneIn the
middle of the nightWhen I'm in this dreamIt's likeA million little starsSpelling
out your nameYou gotta, come on, come onSay that we'll be togetherCome on, come
onIn the middle of the nightWakin' from this dreamI wanna feel youBy my
sideStanding next to meYou gotta, come on, come onSay that we'll be togetherCome
on, come onLittle taste of heavenOh, ohOh, ohI'm caughtUp in youOh, ohOh, ohOh,
ohIt's yourUntouchable burningBrighter than the sunNow that you're closeI feel
like coming undoneIn the middle of the nightWhen I'm in this dreamIt's likeA
million little starsSpelling out your nameYou gotta come on, come onSay that
we'll be togetherCome on, come onOh, ohIn the middle of the nightWhen I'm in
this dreamIt's likeA million little starsSpelling out your nameYou gotta, come
on, come onSay that we'll be togetherCome on, come onCome onIn the middle of the
nightWe can form this dreamI wanna feel you by my sideStanding next to meYou
gotta, come on, come onSay that we'll be togetherCome on, come onLittle taste of
heaven I remember when we broke up, the first timeSaying, this is it, I've had
enough'Cause like we hadn't seen each other in a monthWhen you, said you, needed
space (what?)Then you come around again and sayBaby, I miss you and I swear I'm
gonna change, trust meRemember how that lasted for a day?I say, I hate you, we
break up, you call me, I love youOh we called it off again last nightBut oh,
this time I'm telling you, I'm telling youWe are never ever, ever getting back
togetherWe are never ever, ever getting back togetherYou go talk to your
friends, talk to my friends, talk to meBut we are never ever, ever, ever getting
back togetherLike, everI'm really gonna miss you picking fightsAnd me, falling
for it screaming that I'm rightAnd you, would hide away and find your peace of
mindWith some indie record that's much cooler than mineOh, you called me up
again tonightBut oh, this time I'm telling you, I'm telling youWe are never
ever, ever getting back togetherWe! Are never ever, ever getting back
togetherYou go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to
me)But, we are never ever, ever, ever getting back togetherOh yeah, oh yeah, oh
yeahOh oh ohI used to think that we were forever ever, everAnd I used to say,
never say neverHuh, so he calls me up and he's like, I still love youAnd I'm
like I just I mean this is exhausting, you know, likeWe are never getting back
together like, ever(No!) We are never ever, ever getting back togetherWe! Are
never ever, ever getting back togetherYou go talk to your friends, talk to my
friends, talk to meBut we! Are never ever ever ever getting back togetherWe, are
not getting back together,We oh, not getting back togetherYou go talk to your
friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me)But we are never ever, ever,
ever getting back together I'm dreaming of a white ChristmasJust like the ones I
used to knowWhere the tree tops glisten and children listenTo hear sleigh bells
in the snowI'm dreaming of a white ChristmasWith every Christmas card I writeMay
your days be merry and brightAnd may all your Christmases be whiteI'm dreaming
of a white ChristmasJust like the ones I used to knowSo may your days be merry
and brightAnd may all your Christmases be whiteMay your days be merry and
brightAnd may all your Christmases be white Say you're sorryThat face of an
angelComes out just when you need it toAs I paced back and forth all this
time'Cause I honestly believed in youHolding onThe days drag onStupid girl,I
should have known, I should have knownThat I'm not a princess, this ain't a
fairy taleI'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet,Lead her up the
stairwellThis ain't Hollywood, this is a small town,I was a dreamer before you
went and let me downNow it's too late for youAnd your white horse, to come
aroundBaby I was naive,Got lost in your eyesAnd never really had a chanceMy
mistake I didn't know to be in loveYou had to fight to have the upper handI had
so many dreamsAbout you and meHappy endingsNow I knowI'm not a princess, this
ain't a fairy taleI'm not the one you'll sweep off her feet,Lead her up the
stairwellThis ain't Hollywood, this is a small town,I was a dreamer before you
went and let me downNow it's too late for youAnd your white horse, to come
aroundAnd there you are on your knees,Begging for forgiveness, begging for
meJust like I always wanted but I'm so sorry'Cause I'm not your princess, this
ain't a fairytaleI'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me
wellThis is a big world, that was a small townThere in my rear view mirror
disappearing nowAnd its too late for you and your white horseNow its too late
for you and your white horse, to catch me nowOh, whoa, whoa, whoaTry and catch
me nowOh, it's too lateTo catch me now He said, "Let's get out of this town,
Drive out of the city, away from the crowdsI thought heaven can't help me
now."Nothing lasts forever, but this is gonna take me downHe's so tall and
handsome as hellHe's so bad but he does it so wellI can see the end as it begins
