it feels like a perfect night to dress up like hipsters and make fun of our exes
uh uh uh uh it feels like a perfect night for breakfast at midnight to fall in
love with strangers uh uh uh uhyeahwere happy free confused and lonely at the
same time its miserable and magical oh yeah tonights the night when we forget
about the deadlines its time uh oh i dont know about you but in feeling
22everything will be alright if you keep me next to you you dont know about me
but i bet you want to everything will be alright if we just keep dancing like
were 22 22it seems like one of those nights this place is too crowded too many
cool kids uh uh uh uh it seems like one of those nights we ditch the whole scene
and end up dreaming instead of sleepingyeahwere happy free confused and lonely
in the best way its miserable and magical oh yeah tonights the night when we
forget about the heartbreaks its time uh oh i dont know about you but in feeling
22everything will be alright if you keep me next to you you dont know about me
but i bet you want to everything will be alright if we just keep dancing like
were 22 uh uh ah ah ah 22 uh uh uh i dont know about you 22 uh uh 22 uh uh it
feels like one of those nights we ditch the whole scene it feels like one of
those nights we wont be sleeping it feels like one of those nights you look like
bad news i got ta have you i got ta have you oh uh yeah i dont know about you
but in feeling 22everything will be alright if you keep me next to you you dont
know about me but i bet you want to everything will be alright if we just keep
dancing like were 22 uh uh 22 uh uh 22 uh uh yeah 22 uh shoo yeah yeah it feels
like one of those nights uh uh we ditch the whole scene it feels like one of
those nights uh uh we wont be sleeping it feels like one of those nights uh uh
you look like bad news i got ta have you i got ta have you chorus why would you
wan an break a perfectly good heart why would you wan an take our love and tear
it all apart now why would you wan an make the very first scar why would you wan
an break a perfectly good heart maybe i shoulder seen the signs shoulder read
the writing on the wall and realized by the distance in your eyes that i would
be the one to fall no matter what you say i still cant believe that you would
walk away it dont make sense to me butchoruswhy would you wan an break a
perfectly good heart why would you wan an take our love and tear it all apart
now why would you wan an make the very first scar why would you wanna break a
perfectly good heart its not unbroken anymore how do i get it back the way it
was before why would you wan an break a perfectly good heart why would you wan
an take our love and tear it all apart now why would you wan an make the very
first scar why would you wan an break would you wan an break achoruswhy would
you wan an break a perfectly good heart why would you wan an take our love and
tear it all apart now why would you wan an make the very first scar why would
you wanna break a perfectly good heart i dont know what i want so dont ask me
cause in still trying to figure it outdone know whats down this roadie just
walking trying to see through the rain coming down even though in not the only
one who feels the way i dochorusim alone on my own and thats all i know ill be
strong ill be wrong oh but life goes on oh in just a girl trying to find a place
in this world got the radio on my old blue jeans and in wearing my heart on my
sleeve feeling lucky today got the sunshine could you tell me what more do i
need and tomorrows just a mystery oh yeah but thats okaychorusmaybe in just a
girl on a mission but in ready to flyim alone on my own and thats all i know oh
ill be strong ill be wrong oh but life goes on oh in alone on my own and thats
all i know oh in just a girl trying to find a place in this world oh in just a
girl oh in just a girl oh oh oh in just a girl i walked through the door with
you the air was cold but something about it felt like home somehow and i left my
scarf there at your sisters house and you still got it in your drawer even now
oh your sweet disposition and my wide eyed gaze were singing in the car getting
lost upstate autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place and i can picture
it after all these days and i know its long gone and that magics not here no
more and i might be okay but in not fine at all cause there we are again on that
little town street you almost ran the red cause you were looking over me wind in
my hair i was there i remember it all too well photo album on the counter your
cheeks were turning red you used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin size
bed your mothers telling stories about you on the tee ball team you tell me
about your past thinking your future was me and i know its long gone and theres
nothing else i could do and i forget about you long enough to forget why i
needed to cause there we are again in the middle of the night were dancing
around the kitchen in the refrigerator light down the stairs i was there i
remember it all too well and maybe we got lost in translation maybe i asked for
too much but maybe this thing was a masterpiece lit you tore it all up running
scared i was there i remember it all too well and you call me up again just to
break me like a promise so casually cruel in the name of being honest a crumpled
up piece of paper lying here cause i remember it all all all too well time wont
fly its like in paralyzed by it id like to be my old self again but in still
trying to find it after plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own
now you mail back my things and i walk home alone but you keep my old scarf from
that very first week cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me you
cant get rid of it cause you remember it all too well yeah cause there we are
again when i loved you so back before you lost the one real thing youve ever
known it was rare i was there i remember it all too well wind in my hair you
were there you remember it all down the stairs you were there you remember it
all it was rare i was there i remember it all to well in so glad you made time
to see me hows life tell me hows your family i havent seen them in a whileyouve
been good busier then ever we small talk work and the weather your guard is up
and i know why because the last time you saw me is still burned in the back of
your mind you gave me roses and i left them there to die so this is me
swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying in sorry for that night and
i go back to december all the time it turns out freedom aint nothing but missing
you wishing id realized what i had when you were mine id go back to december
turn around and make it all right i go back to december all the time these days
i havent been sleeping staying up playing back myself leaving when your birthday
passed and i didnt call and i think about summer all the beautiful times i
watched you laughing from the passenger side and realized id loved you in the
fall and then the cold came the dark days when fear crept into my mind you gave
me all your love and all i gave you was goodbye so this is me swallowing my
pride standing in front of you saying in sorry for that night and i go back to
december all the time it turns out freedom aint nothing but missing you wishing
id realized what i had when you were mine id go back to december turn around and
change my own mind i go back to december all the time i miss your tan skin your
sweet smile so good to me so right and how you held me in your arms that
september night the first time you ever saw me cry maybe this is wishful
thinking probably mindless dreaming but if we loved again i swear id love you
right id go back in time and change it but i cant so if the chain is on your
door i understand but this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you
saying in sorry for that night and i go back to december it turns out freedom
aint nothing but missing you wishing id realized what i had when you were mine
id go back to december turn around and make it all right id go back to december
turn around and change my own mind i go back to december all the time all the
time chorus taylor swift cause baby now we got bad blood you know it used to be
mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby now we got bad blood hey
verse 1 kendrick lamar hey i cant take it back look where in at we was on d like
doc remember that remember that my tlc was quite od id my facts id my now prov
of you and me similar iraq i dont hate you but i hate to critique overrate you
these beats of a dark heart use baselines to replace you take time and erase you
love dont hear no more no i dont fear no more better yet respect aint quite
sincere no moreprechorus taylor swift oh its so sad to think about the good
times you and i chorus taylor swift cause baby now we got bad blood you know it
used to be mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby now wee got bad
blood hey now we got problems and i dont think we can solve em you made a really
deep cut and baby now we got bad blood hey verse 2 kendrick lamar hey remember
when you tried to write me off remember when you thought id take a lossdont you
remember you thought that i would need yahfollow procedure remember oh wait you
got amnesia it was my season for battle wounds battle scars body bumped bruised
stabbed in the back brimstone fire jumping through still all my life i got money
and power and you got ta live with the bad blood nowprechorus taylor swift oh
its so sad to think about the good times you and i chorus taylor swift cause
baby now we got bad blood you know it used to be mad love so take a look what
youve done cause baby now we got bad blood hey now we got problems and i dont
think we can solve em you made a really deep cut and baby now we got bad blood
hey bridge taylor swift kendrick lamarbandaids dont fix bullet holes you say
sorry just for show if you live like that you live with ghosts you forgive you
forget but you never let it gobandaids dont fix bullet holes you say sorry just
for show if you live like that you live with ghosts if you love like that blood
runs cold chorus taylor swift cause baby now we got bad blood you know it used
to be mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby now we got bad blood
hey now we got problems and i dont think we can solve em think we can solve em
you made a really deep cut and baby now we got bad blood hey chorus taylor swift
cause baby now we got bad blood you know it used to be mad love so take a look
what youve done look what youve done cause baby now we got bad blood hey now wee
got problems and i dont think we can solve em you made a really deep cut and
baby now we got bad blood hey intro taylor swift cause baby now wee got bad
blood you know it used to be mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby
now wee got bad blood hey verse 1 kendrick lamar i cant take it back look where
in at we was on d like doc remember that my tlc was quite od id my facts now
prov of you and me similar iraq i dont hate you but i hate to critique overrate
you these beats of a dark heart use baselines to replace you take time and erase
you love dont hear no more no i dont fear no more better yet respect aint quite
sincere no moreprechorus taylor swift oh its so sad to think about the good
times you and i chorus taylor swift cause baby now wee got bad blood you know it
used to be mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby now wee got bad
blood hey now wee got problems and i dont think we can solve em you made a
really deep cut and baby now wee got bad blood hey verse 2 kendrick lamar
remember when you tried to write me off remember when you thought id take a
lossdont you remember you thought that i would need ya follow procedure remember
oh wait you got amnesia it was my season for battle wounds battle scars body
bumped bruised stabbed in the back brimstone fire jumping through still all my
life i got money and power and you got ta live with the bad blood nowprechorus
taylor swift oh its so sad to think about the good times you and i chorus taylor
swift cause baby now wee got bad blood you know it used to be mad love so take a
look what youve done cause baby now wee got bad blood hey now wee got problems
and i dont think we can solve em you made a really deep cut and baby now wee got
bad blood hey bridge taylor swift kendrick lamarbandaids dont fix bullet holes
you say sorry just for show you live like that you live with ghosts you forgive
you forget but you never let it gobandaids dont fix bullet holes you say sorry
just for show if you live like that you live with ghosts if you love like that
blood runs cold chorus taylor swift cause baby now wee got bad blood you know it
used to be mad love so take a look what youve done cause baby now wee got bad
blood hey now wee got problems and i dont think we can solve em you made a
really deep cut and baby now wee got bad blood hey chorus taylor swift cause
baby now wee got bad blood you know it used to be mad love so take a look what
youve done cause baby now wee got bad blood hey now wee got problems and i dont
think we can solve em you made a really deep cut and baby now wee got bad blood
hey your beautiful eyes stare right into my eyes and sometimes i think of you
late at night i dont know why i want to be somewhere where you are i wan an be
wherechorusyoure here your eyes are looking into mine so baby make me fly my
heart has never felt this way before looking through yourim looking through your
eyes i wake up in alive in only a little while i cry cause your my lullaby so
baby hold me tight cause iii want to be everything you need i want to be where
chorus just as long as your mine ill be your everything tonight let me love you
kiss you oh baby let me miss you let me see your dream about dream about dream
about your eyes eyes eyes beautiful eyes her hair is harlow gold her lips sweet
surprise her hands are never cold shes got bette davis eyes shell turn her music
on you you wont have to think twice shes pure as new york snow she got bette
davis eyes and shell tease you shell unease you all the better just to please
you shes precocious and she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush she got
greta garbo stand off sighs shes got bette davis eyes shell let you take her
home it whets her appetite shell lay you on her throne she got bette davis eyes
shell take a tumble on you roll you like you were dice until you come out blue
shes got bette davis eyes shell expose you when she snows you off your feet with
the crumbs she throws you shes ferocious and she knows just what it takes to
make a pro blush all the boys think shes a spy shes got bette davis eyes and
shell tease you shell unease you all the better just to please ya shes
precocious and she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush all the boys
think shes a spy shes got bette davis eyes shell tease you shell unease you just
to please ya shes got bette davis eyes shell expose you when she snows you she
knows ya shes got bette davis eyes now go stand in the corner and think about
what you did ha time for a little revenge the story starts when it was hot and
it was summer and i had it all i had him right there where i wanted him she came
along got him alone and lets hear the applause she took him faster than you
could say sabotage i never saw it coming nor would i have suspected it i
underestimated just who i was dealing with she had to know the pain was beating
on me like a drum she underestimated just who she was stealing from shes not a
saint and shes not what you think shes an actress whoa shes better known for the
things that she does on the mattress whoa soon shes hon an find stealing other
peoples toys on the playground wont make you many friends she should keep in
mind she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than revenge ha she
looks at life like its a party and shes on the list she looks at me like in a
trend and shes so over it i think her ever present frown is a little troubling
and she thinks in psycho cause i like to rhyme her name with things but
sophistication isnt what you wear or who you know or pushing people down to get
you where you wan an go oh they didnt teach you that in prep school so its up to
me but no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity think about what you did
shes not a saint and shes not what you think shes an actress whoa shes better
known for the things that she does on the mattress whoa soon shes hon an find
stealing other peoples toys on the playground wont make you many friends she
should keep in mind she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than
revenge haim just another thing for you to roll your eyes at honey you might
have him but havent you heardim just another thing for you to roll your eyes at
honey you might have him but ill always get the last wordwhoashes not a saint
and shes not what you think shes an actress whoa shes better known for the
things that she does on the mattress whoa soon shes hon an find stealing other
peoples toys on the playground wont make you many friends she should keep in
mind she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than revenge ha and do
you still feel like you know what your doing cause i dont think you do oh do you
still feel like you know what your doing i dont think you do i dont think you do
lets hear the applausecmon show me how much better you are see you deserve some
applause cause your so much better she took him faster than you could say
sabotage i see your face in my mind as i drive away cause none of us thought it
was hon an end that way people are people and sometimes we change our minds but
its killing me to see you go after all this time music starts plain like the end
of a sad movie its the kinda ending you dont really wan an see cause its tragedy
and till only bring you down now i dont know what to be without you around and
we know its never simple never easy never a clean break no one here to save
meyoure the only thing i know like the back of my handchorusand i
cantbreathewithout you but i have tobreathewithout you but i have to never
wanted this never wan an see you hurt every little bump in the road i tried to
swerve people are people and sometimes it doesnt work out nothing we say is hon
an save us from the fall out and we know its never simple never easy never a
clean break no one here to save meyoure the only thing i know like the back of
my handchorusits two amfeelin like i just lost a friend hope you know its not
easy easy for me its two amfeelin like i just lost a friend hope you know this
aint easy easy for me and we know its never simple never easy never a clean
break no one here to save me i cantbreathewithout you but i have
tobreathewithout you but i have tobreathewithout you but i have to sorry oh
sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry here you are now fresh from your war back from the
edge of time and all that you were stripped to the bone i thought you d want to
know that when you feel the world is crashing all around your feet come running
headlong into my armsbreathlessill never judge you i can only love you come now
running headlong into my armsbreathlesslay down your guns too weak to run
nothing can harm you here your precious heart broken and scarred somehow you
made it through i only ask that you wont go again when you feel the world is
crashing all around your feet come running headlong into my armsbreathlessill
never judge you i can only love you come now running headlong into my
armsbreathlessim so glad to see you smiling so good to hear your laugh i think
that youve found you even missed yourself only asking this because i think that
truth be told oh youll never go againagainwhen you feel the world is crashing
all around your feet come running headlong into my armsbreathlessill never judge
you i can only love you come now running headlong into my
armsbreathlessbreathlessso when you feel the world is crashing down i want you
come run into my arms and its a sad picture the final blow hits you somebody
else gets what you wanted again and you know its all the same another time and
place repeating history and your getting sick of it but i believe in whatever
you do and ill do anything to see it throughchorusbecause these things will
change can you feel it now these walls that they put up to hold us back will
fall down its a revolution the time will come for us to finally win and well
sing hallelujah well sing hallelujah so wee been outnumbered raided and now
cornered its hard to fight when the fight aint fair were getting stronger now
find things they never found they might be stronger but were faster and never
scared you can walk away say we dont need this but theres something in your eyes
says we can beat thischorustonight well stand get off our knees fight for what
wee worked for all these years and the battle was long its the fight of our
lives but well stand up champions tonight it was the night things changed can
you see it now these walls that they put up to hold us back fell down its a
revolution throw your hands up cause we never gave in and well sing hallelujah
we sang hallelujah hallelujah what if ribbons and bows didnt mean a thing would
the song still survive without five golden rings would you still wan an kiss
without mistletoe what would happen if god never let it snow what would happen
if christmas carols told a lie tell me what would you findyoud see that today
holds something special something holy not superficial so heres to the birthday
boy who saved our lives its something we all try to ignore and put a wreath up
on your door so heres something you should know that is for sure christmas must
be something more what if angels did not pay attention to all the things that we
wished they would always do what if happiness came in a cardboard box then i
think there is something we all forgot what would happen if presents all went
away tell me what would you findyoud see that today holds something special
something holy not superficial so heres to the birthday boy who saved our lives
its something we all try to ignore and put a wreath up on your door so heres
something you should know that is for sure christmas must be something more we
get so caught up in all of it business and relationships hundred mile an hour
lives and its this time of year and everybody here it seems the last thing on
your mind is that the day holds something special something holy not superficial
so heres to jesus christ who saved our lives its something we all try to ignore
and put a wreath up on your door but heres something you should know that is for
sure christmas must be something christmas must be something christmas must be
something more theres got ta be more theres got ta be more please take down the
mistletoe cause i dont wan an think about that right now cause everything i want
is miles away in a snow covered little town my mommas in the kitchen worrying
about me seasons greetings hope your well well in doing alright if you were
wondering lately i can never tell i know this shouldnt be a lonely time but
there were christmases when you were mine ive been doing fine without you really
up until the nights got cold and everybody here except you baby seems like
everyones got someone to hold but for me its just a lonely time cause there were
christmases when you were mine merry christmas everybodythatll have to be
something i just say this year ill bet you got your mom another sweater and were
your cousins late again when you were putting up the lights this year did you
notice one less pair of hands i know this shouldnt be a lonely time but there
were christmases when i didnt wonder how you are tonight cause there were
christmases when you were mine you were mine you have a way of coming easily to
me and when you take you take the very best of me so i start a fight cause i
need to feel somethinand you do what you want cause in not what you
wantedchorusoh what a shame what a rainy ending given to a perfect day just walk
away int no use defending words that you will never say and now that in sitting
here thinking it through ive never been anywhere cold as you you put up the
walls and paint them all a shade of gray and i stood there loving you and wished
them all away and you come away with a great little story of a mess of a dreamer
with the nerve to adore youchorusyou never did give a damn thing honey but i
cried cried for you and i know you wouldnt have told nobody if i died died for
you died for you oh what a shame what a rainy ending given to a perfect day oh
every smile you fake is so condescendingcountin all the scars youve made now
that in sitting here thinking it through ive never been anywhere cold as you you
said it in a simple way am the second day how strange that i dont know you at
all stumbled through the long goodbye one last kiss then catch your flight right
when i was just about to fall i told myself dont get attached but in my mind i
play it back spinning faster than the plane that took you and this is when the
feeling sinks in dont wan an miss you like this come back be here come back be
here i guess your in new york today i dont wan an need you this way come back be
here come back be here the delicate beginning rush the feeling you can know so
much without knowing anything at all and now that i can put this down if i had
known what i know now i never would have played so nonchalant taxi cabs and busy
streets that never bring you back to me i cant help but wish you took me with
you and this is when the feeling sinks in dont wan an miss you like this come
back be here come back be here i guess your in london today and i dont wan an
need you this way come back be here come back be here this is falling in love in
the cruelest way this is falling for you and you are worlds away new york be
here but your in london and i break down cause its not fair that your not around
this is when the feeling sinks in dont wan an miss you like this come back be
here come back be here i guess your in new york today and i dont wan an need you
this way come back be here come back be here i dont wan an miss you like this
come back be here come back be here i could go back to every laugh but i dont
wan an go there anymore and i know all the steps up to your door but i dont wan
an go there anymore talk to the wind talk to the sky talk to the man with the
reasons why and let me know what you find ill leave my window open cause in too
tired tonight to call your name just know in right here hoping that youll come
in with the rain i could stand up and sing you a song but i dont wan an have to
go that far and i ive got you down i know you by heart and you dont even know
where i start talk to yourself talk to the tears talk to the man who put you
here and dont wait for the sky to clear ill leave my window open cause in too
tired tonight to call your name just know in right here hoping that youll come
in with the rain ive watched you so long screamed your name i dont know what
else i can say but ill leave my window open cause in too tired tonight for all
these games just know in right here hoping that youll come in with the rain i
could go back to every laugh but i dont wan an go there anymore ive never gone
with the wind just let it flow let it take me where it wants ti you opened the
door theres so much more ive never seen it before i was trying to fly but i
couldnt find wings but you came along and you changed everything you lift my
feet off the ground you spin me around you make me crazier crazier feels like in
falling in love and in lost in your eyes you make me crazier crazier crazier i
watched from a distance as you made life your own every sky was your own kind of
blue and i wanted to know how that would feel and you made it so real you showed
me something that i couldnt see you opened my eyes and you made me believe you
lift my feet off the ground you spin me around you make me crazier crazier feels
like in falling in love and in lost in your eyes you make me crazier crazier
crazier oh baby you showed me what living is for dont wan an hide anymore you
lift my feet off the ground you spin me around you make me crazier crazier feels
like in falling and in in lost in your eyes you make me crazier crazier crazier
crazier crazier long were the nights when my days once revolved around you
counting my footsteps praying the floor wont fall through again my mother
accused me of losing my mind but i swore i was fine you paint me a blue sky and
go back and turn it to rain and i lived in your chess game but you changed the
rules every day wondering which version of you i might get on the phone tonight
well i stopped picking up and this song is to let you know why dear john i see
it all now that your gonedont you think i was too young to be messed with the
girl in the dress cried the whole way home i shoulder known well maybe its me
and my blind optimism to blame maybe its you and your sick need to give love
then take it away and youll add my name to your long list of traitors who dont
understand and ill look back and regret how i ignored when they said run as fast
as you can dear john i see it all now that your gonedont you think i was too
young to be messed with the girl in the dress cried the whole way home dear john
i see it all now it was wrongdont you think nineteen is too young to be played
by your dark twisted games when i loved you so shoulder known you are an expert
at sorry and keeping the lines blurry never impressed by me acing your tests all
the girls that youve run dry have tired lifeless eyes cause you burned them out
but i took your matches before fire could catch me so dont look now in shining
like fireworks over your sad empty town dear john i see it all now that your
gonedont you think i was too young to be messed with the girl in the dress cried
the whole way home i see it all now that your gonedont you think i was too young
to be messed with the girl in the dress wrote you a song you shoulder known you
shoulder knowndont you think i was too young you shoulder known verse when i saw
you today my hearts beats fast and i cant explain anything about it doing
something to see you day by day everything changes when i come in your
placeschoruscause it down to the mountain and i can see you there hoping for
sweet smile and dont know what to do i cant tell you about it because you have
love someone that you love more than me but someday you will love mebridgeits
going dark and i cant go home because when i see you you make fall me fall in
live with youchoruscause it down to the mountain you make me smile i go and find
another like you cause down to the mountain you make me fall for you everyday
cause down to the mountain you make me smile now that shes back in the
atmosphere with drops of jupiter in her hair hey hey she acts like summer and
walks like rain reminds me that theres time to change hey hey since the return
from her stay on the moon she listens like spring and she talks like june hey
hey tell me did you sail across the sun did you make it to the milky way to see
the lights all faded and that heaven is overrated tell me did you fall for a
shooting star one without a permanent scar and did you miss me while you were
looking at yourself out there now that shes back from that soul vacation tracing
her way through the constellation hey hey she checks out mozart while she does
taeboreminds me that theres time to grow hey hey now that shes back in the
atmosphere afraid that she might think of me as plain lo jane told a story about
a man who is too afraid to fly so he never did land tell me did the wind sweep
you off your feet did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day
and head back to the milky way and tell me did venus blow your mind was it
everything you wanted to find and did you miss me while you were looking for
yourself out there can you imagine no love pride deep fried chicken your best
friend always sticking up for you even when i know your wrong can you imagine no
first dance freeze dried romance five hour phone conversation the best soy latte
that you ever had and me tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet did you
finally get the chance to dance along the light of day and head back toward the
milky way there i was again tonight forcing laughter faking smiles same old
tired lonely place walls of insincerity shifting eyes and vacancy vanished when
i saw your face all i can say is it was enchanting to meet you your eyes
whispered have we met across the room your silhouette starts to make its way to
me the playful conversation starts counter all your quick remarks like passing
notes in secrecy and it was enchanting to meet you all i can say is i was
enchanted to meet you this night is sparkling dont you let it grim wonder struck
blushing all the way home ill spend forever wondering if you knew i was
enchanted to meet you the lingering question kept me up two am who do you love i
wonder till in wide awake now in pacing back and forth wishing you were at my
door id open up and you would say hey it was enchanting to meet you all i know
is i was enchanted to meet you this night is sparkling dont you let it grim
wonder struck blushing all the way home ill spend forever wondering if you knew
this night is flawless dont you let it grim wonder struck dancing around all
alone ill spend forever wondering if you knew i was enchanted to meet you this
is me praying that this was the very first page not where the story line ends my
thoughts will echo your name until i see you again these are the words i held
back as i was leaving too soon i was enchanted to meet you please dont be in
love with someone else please dont have somebody waiting on you please dont be
in love with someone else please dont have somebody waiting on you this night is
sparkling dont you let it grim wonder struck blushing all the way home ill spend
forever wondering if you knew this night is flawless dont you let it grim wonder
struck dancing around all alone ill spend forever wondering if you knew i was
enchanted to meet you please dont be in love with someone else please dont have
somebody waiting on you all i knew this morning when i woke is i know something
now know something now i didnt before and all ive seen since 18 hours ago is
green eyes and freckles and your smile in the back of my mind making me feel
like i just want to know you better know you better know you better now i just
want to know you better know you better know you better now i just want to know
you better know you better know you better now i just want to know you know you
know you cause all i know is we said hello and your eyes look like coming home
all i know is a simple name everything has changed all i know is you held the
dooryoull be mine and ill be yours all i know since yesterday is everything has
changed and all my walls stood tall painted blue but ill take them down take
them down and open up the door for you and all i feel in my stomach is
butterflies the beautiful kind making up for lost time taking flight making me
feel like i just want to know you better know you better know you better now i
just want to know you better know you better know you better now i just want to
know you better know you better know you better now i just want to know you know
you know you cause all i know is we said hello and your eyes look like coming
home all i know is a simple name everything has changed all i know is you held
the dooryoull be mine and ill be yours all i know since yesterday is everything
has changed come back and tell me whim feeling like ive missed you all this time
and meet me there tonight and let me know that its not all in my mind i just
want to know you better know you better know you better now i just want to know
you know you know you cause all i know is we said hello and your eyes look like
coming home all i know is a simple name everything has changed all i know is he
held the dooryoull be mine and ill be yours all i know since yesterday is
everything has changed all i know is we said hello so dust off your highest
hopes all i know is pouring rain and everything has changed all i know is a new
found grace all my days ill know your face all i know since yesterday is
everything has changed everybody waitingeverybodys watching even when your
sleeping keep your ah eyes open the tricky thing is yesterday we were just
children playing soldiers just pretending dreaming dreams with happy endings in
backyards winning battles with the wooden swords but now wee stepped into a
cruel world where everybody stands and keeps score keep your eyes openeverybodys
waiting to see the breakdown everybody watching to see the fallout even when
your sleeping sleeping keep your ah eyes open keep your ah eyes open keep your
ah eyes open so here you are two steps ahead and stating on guard every lesson
forms a new scar they never thought yous make it this far but turn around now
theyve surrounded you its a showdown nobody comes to save you now but youve got
something they dont yeah youve got something they dont you just got ta keep your
eyes openeverybodys waiting to see the breakdown everybody watching to see the
fallout even when your sleeping sleeping keep your ah eyes open keep your ah
eyes open keep your ah eyes keep your feet ready heartbeat steady keep your eyes
open keep your aim locked the night grows dark keep your eyes openbackgroundkeep
your ah eyes open keep your ah eyes open keep your eyes openeverybodys waiting
to see the breakdown everybody watching to see the fallout even when your
sleeping sleeping keep your ah eyes open keep your ah eyes open keep your ah
eyes open theres something bout the way the street looks when its just rained
theres a glow off the pavement walk me to the car and you know i wan an ask you
to dance right there in the middle of the parking lotyeahwere driving down the
road i wonder if you knowim trying so hard not to get caught up now but your
just so cool run your hands through your hair absent mindedly main me want
youchorusand i dont know how it gets better than this you take my hand and drag
me head firstfearlessand i dont know why but with you id dance in a storm in my
best dressfearlessso baby drive slowtil we run out of road in this one horse
town i wan an stay right here in this passengers seat you put your eyes on me in
this moment now capture it remember itchoruswell you stood there with me in the
doorway my hands shake not usually this way but you pull me in and in a little
more brave its the first kiss its flawless really something its fearless chorus
you take a deep breath and you walk through the doors its the morning of your
very first day you say hi to your friends you aint seen in awhile try and stay
out of everybody way its your freshman year and your hon an be here for the next
four years in this town hoping one of those senior boys will wink at you and say
you know i havent seen you around before cause when your fifteen somebody tells
you they love youyoure hon an believe them and when your fifteen feeling like
theres nothing to figure out count to ten take it in this is life before you
know who your hon an beat fifteen you sit in class next to a redhead named
abigail and soon enough your best friends laughing at the other girls who they
think there so cool well be out of here as soon as we can and then your on your
very first date and hes got a car and your feeling like flying and your mamas
waiting up and your thinking hes the one and your dancing around the room when
the night ends when the night ends cause when your fifteen somebody tells you
they love youyoure hon an believe them and when your fifteen and your first kiss
makes your head spin around but in your life youll do things greater than dating
the boy on the football team but i didnt know it at fifteen when all you wanted
was to be wanted wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now back
then i swore i was hon an marry him someday but i realized some bigger dreams of
mine and abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind and we
both cried cause when your fifteen somebody tells you they love youyoure hon an
believe them and when your fifteendont forget to look before you fall ive found
time can heal most anything and you just might find who your supposed to be i
didnt know who i was supposed to beat fifteen la la la la la your very first day
take a deep breath girl and take a deep breath as you walk through the doors
once upon a time i believe it was a tuesday when i caught your eye and we caught
onto something i hold onto the night you looked me in the eye and told me you
loved me were you just kidding cause it seems to me this thing is breaking down
we almost never speak i dont feel welcome anymore baby what happened please tell
me cause one second it was perfect now your halfway out the door and i stare at
the phone he still hasnt called and you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all
and you flashback to when he said forever and always oh and it rains in your
bedroom everything is wrong it rains when your here and it rains when your gone
cause i was there when you said forever and always was i out of line did i say
something way to honest made you run and hide like a scared little boy i looked
into your eyes though i knew you for a minute now in not so sure so heres to
everything coming down to nothing heres to silence that cuts me to the core
where is this going though i knew for a minute but i dont anymore you didnt mean
it baby i dont think so oh back up baby back up did you forget everything back
up baby back up did you forget everything cause it rains in your bedroom
everything is wrong it rains when your here and it rains when your gone cause i
was there when you said forever and always oh i stare at the phone he still
hasnt called and then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all and the
flashback to when you said forever and always and it rains in your bedroom
everything is wrong it rains when your here and it rains when your gone cause i
was there when you said forever and always you didnt mean it baby you said
forever and always yeah once upon a time i believe it was a tuesday when i
caught your eye and we caught onto something i hold onto the night you looked me
in the eye and told me you loved me were you just kidding cause it seems to me
this thing is breaking down we almost never speak i dont feel welcome anymore
baby what happened please tell me cause one second it was perfect now your
halfway out the doorchorusand i stare at the phone he still hasnt called and
then you feel so low you cant feel nothing at all and you flashback to when he
said forever and always oh and it rains in your bedroom everything is wrong it
rains when your here and it rains when your gone cause i was there when you said
forever and always was i out of line did i say something way too honest made you
run and hide like a scared little boy i looked into your eyes thought i knew you
for a minute now in not so sure so heres to everything coming down to nothing
heres to silence that cuts me to the core where is this going thought i knew for
a minute but i dont anymorechorusyou didnt mean it baby i dont think so oh back
up baby back up did you forget everything back up baby back up did you forget
everything cause it rains in your bedroom everything is wrong it rains when your
here and it rains when your gone cause i was there when you said forever and
always oh i stare at the phone he still hasnt called and then you feel so low
you cant feel nothing at all and you flashback to when we said forever and
always and it rains in your bedroom everything is wrong it rains when your here
and it rains when your gone cause i was there when you said forever and always
you didnt mean it baby you said forever and always yeah don look at meyouve got
a girl at home and everybody knows that everybody knows thatdont look at meyouve
got a girl at home and everybody knows that i dont even know her but i feel a
responsibility to do whats upstanding and right its kinda like a code yeah and
youve been getting closer and closer and crossing so many lines and it would be
a fine proposition if i was a stupid girl but honey i am nooned exception this i
have previously learned so dont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody
knows that everybody knows that ah ah dont look at meyouve got a girl at home
and everybody knows that everybody knows that i see you turn off your phone and
now you got me alone and i say dont look at meyouve got a girl at home and
everybody knows that everybody knows that i just wan an make sure you understand
perfectlyyoure the kind of man who makes me sad while she waits up you chase
down the newest thing and take for granted what you have and it would be a fine
proposition if i was a stupid girl and yeah i might go with it if i hadnt once
been just like herdont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody knows
that everybody knows that ah ah dont look at meyouve got a girl at home and
everybody knows that everybody knows that i see you turn off your phone and now
youve got me alone and i say dont look at meyouve got a girl at home and
everybody knows that everybody knows that call a cab lose my numberyoure about
to lose your girl call a cab lose my number lets consider this lesson
learneddont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody knows that
everybody knows that ah ah dont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody
knows that everybody knows that wanna see you pick up your phone and tell her
your coming homedont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody knows that
everybody knows thatdont look at meyouve got a girl at home and everybody knows
that everybody knows that it would be a fine proposition if i hadnt once been
just like her you and i walk a fragile line i have known it all this time but i
never thought id live to see it break its getting dark and its all too quiet and
i cant trust anything now and its coin over you like its all a big mistake
holding my breath wont lose you again somethings made your eyes go cold come on
come on dont leave me like this i thought i had you figured out somethings gone
terribly wrong your all i wanted come on come on dont leave me like this i
thought i had you figured out cant breathe whenever your gone cant turn back now
in haunted stood there and watched you walk away from everything we had but i
still mean every word i said to you he will try to take away my pain and he just
might make me smile but the whole time in wishing he was you instead oh oh
holding my breath wont see you again something keeps me holding on to nothing
come on come on dont leave me like this i thought i had you figured out
somethings gone terribly wrong your all i wanted come on come on dont leave me
like this i thought i had you figured out cant breathe whenever your gone cant
turn back now in haunted i know i know i just knowyoure not gone you cant be
gonenocome on come on dont leave me like this i thought i had you figured out
somethings gone terribly wrong wont finish what you started come on come on dont
leave me like this i thought i had you figured out cant breathe whenever your
gone cant go back in haunted oh oh oh oh oh you and i walk a fragile line i have
known it all this time never ever thought id see it break never thought id see
it hey stephen i know looks can be deceiving but i know i saw a light in you and
as we walked we would talk and i didnt say half the things i wanted to of all
the girls tossing rocks at your window ill be the one waiting there even when
its cold hey stephen boy you might have me believing i dont always have to be
alonechoruscause i cant help it if you look like an angel cant help it if i wan
an kiss you in the rain so come feel this magic ive been feeling since i met you
cant help it if theres no one elsemmm i cant help myself hey stephen ive been
holding back this feeling so ive got some things to say to youve seen it all so
i thought but ive never seen nobody shine the way you do the way you walk way
you talk way you say my name its beautiful wonderful dont you ever change hey
stephen why are people always leaving i think you and i should stay the
samechoruscause i cant help it if you look like an angel cant help it if i wan
an kiss you in the rain so come feel this magic ive been feeling since i met you
cant help it if theres no one elsemmm i cant help myselftheyre dimming the
street lights your perfect for me why arent you here tonight waiting alone now
so come on and come out and pull me near and shine shine shine hey stephen i
could give you fifty reasons why i should be the one you choose all those other
girls well there beautiful but would they write a song for youchoruscause i cant
help it if you look like an angel cant help it if i wan an kiss you in the rain
so come feel this magic ive been feeling since i met you cant help it if theres
no one else i cant help myself if you look like an angel cant help it if i wan
an kiss you in the rain so come feel this magic ive been feeling since i met you
cant help it if theres no one elsemmm i cant help myselfmyselfmmi cant help
myself i cant help myself oh oh mm mm guess mine is not the first heart broken
my eyes are not the first to cryim not the first to know theres just no getting
over you you know in just a fool whews willing to sit around and wait for you
but baby cant you see theres nothing else for me to dorm hopelessly devoted to
you but now theres nowhere to hide since you pushed my love aside out of my head
hopelessly devoted to you hopelessly devoted to you hopelessly devoted to you my
head is saying fool forget him my heart is saying don let go hold on till the
end and thats what i intend to dorm hopelessly devoted to you but now theres
nowhere to hide since you pushed my love aside out of my head hopelessly devoted
to you hopelessly devoted to you hopelessly devoted to you wish i had
concentrated they said love was complicated but its something i just fell into
and it was overrated but just look what i created i came out alive but in black
and blue before you ask me if in alright think about what i had to do yeah wake
up and smell the break up fix my heart put on my makeup another mess i didnt
plan and ill bet you thought you beat me wish you could only see i got an i
heart written on the back of my hand id be fine if yous just walked by but you
had to talk about why you were wrong and i was right but i cant believe you made
me sit at home and cry like a baby wait right by the phone every night and now
you ask about you and i theres no you and i remember what you put me through i
had to wake up and smell the break up fix my heart put on my makeup another mess
i didnt plan and ill bet you thought you beat me wish you could only see i got
an i heart written on the back of my hand and when your home all alone at
nightyoull still wonder why you took everything i had oh baby i havent thought
about you and i theres no you and i and i know someday you will wake up and
smell the break up realize that we wont make up it didnt go the way you planned
and youll know you didnt beat me when you look down and see i got an i heart
written on the back of my hand written on the back of my hand an i heart yeah
written on the back of my hand once upon time a few mistakes ago i was in your
sights you got me alone you found me you found me you found me i guess you didnt
care and i guess i liked that and when i fell hard you took a step back without
me without me without me and hes long gone when hes next to me and i realize the
blame is on me cause i knew you were trouble when you walked in so shame on me
now flew me to places id never been so you put me down oh i knew you were
trouble when you walked in so shame on me now flew me to places id never been
now in lying on the cold hard ground oh oh trouble trouble trouble oh oh trouble
trouble trouble no apologies hell never see you cry pretend he doesnt know that
hes the reason whyyoure drowning your drowning your drowning and i heard you
moved on from whispers on the street a new notch in your belt is all ill ever be
and now i see now i see now i see he was long gone when he met me and i realize
the joke is on me i knew you were trouble when you walked in so shame on me now
flew me to places id never been so you put me down oh i knew you were trouble
when you walked in so shame on me now flew me to places id never been now in
lying on the cold hard ground oh oh trouble trouble trouble oh oh trouble
trouble trouble when your saddest fear comes creeping in that you never loved me
or her or anyone or anythingyeahi knew you were trouble when you walked in so
shame on me now flew me to places id never been so you put me down oh i knew you
were trouble when you walked in so shame on me now flew me to places id never
been now in lying on the cold hard ground oh oh trouble trouble trouble oh oh
trouble trouble trouble i knew you were trouble when you walked in trouble
trouble trouble i knew you were trouble when you walked in trouble trouble
trouble last night i heard my own heart beating sounded like footsteps on my
stairs six months gone and in still reaching even though i know your not there i
was playing back a thousand memories baby thinking bout everything wee been
through maybe ive been going back too much lately when time stood still and i
had you come back come back come back to me like you would you would if this was
a movie stand in the rain outside lit i came out come back come back come back
to me like you could you could if you just said your sorry i know that we could
work it out somehow but if this was a movie yous be here by now i know people
change and these things happen but i remember how it was back then locked up in
your arms and our friends are laughing cause nothing like this ever happened to
them now in pacing up the hall chasing down your street flashback to a night
when you said to me nothings hon an change not for me and you not before i knew
how much i had to lose come back come back come back to me like you would you
would if this was a movie stand in the rain outside lit i came out come back
come back come back to me like you could you could if you just said your sorry i
know that we could work it out somehow but if this was a movie yous be here by
now if your out there if your somewhere if your moving on ill be waiting for you
wary since youve been gone i just want it back the way it was before and i just
want to see you back at my front door and i say come back come back come back to
me like you would before you say its not that easy before the fight before i
locked you out but i take it all back now come back come back come back to me
like you would you would if this was a movie stand in the rain outside lit i
came out come back come back come back to me like you could you could if you
just said your sorry i know that we could work it out somehow but if this was a
movie yous be here by nowyoud be here by now its not the kind of ending you wan
an see now baby i dont like the ending oh i thought yous be here now whoa
thought yous be here by now friday night beneath the stars in a field behind
your yard you and i are painting pictures in the sky and sometimes we dont say a
thing just listen to the crickets sing everything i need is right here by my
side and i know everything about you i dont wan an live without youchorusim only
up when your not downdont wan an fly if your still on the ground its like no
matter what i do well you drive me crazy half the time the other half in only
trying to let you know that what i feel is true and in only me when in with you
just a small town boy and girllivin in a crazy worldtryin to figure out what is
and isnt true and i dont try to hide my tears the secrets are my deepest fears
through it all nobody gets me like you do and you know everything about me you
say that you cant live without mechoruswhen in with anybody else its so hard to
be myself only you can tell that in only up when your not downdont wan an fly if
your still on the ground its like no matter what i do well you drive me crazy
half the time the other half in only trying to let you know that what i feel is
true and in only me when i wan an be well in only me when in with you with you
uh huh yeah i guess you really did it this time left yourself in your warpath
lost your balance on a tightrope lost your mind trying to get it backwasnt it
easier in your lunch box days always a bigger bed to crawl intowasnt it
beautiful when you believed in everything and everybody believed in you its
alright just wait and see your string of lights is still bright to me oh who you
are is not where youve beenyoure still an innocentyoure still an innocent did
some things you cant speak of but at night youll live it all again you wouldnt
be shattered on the floor now if only you had seen what you know now thenwasnt
it easier in your fireflycatchin days and everything out of reach someone bigger
brought down to youwasnt it beautiful running wild lit you fell asleep before
the monsters caught up to you its alright just wait and see your string of
lights is still bright to me oh who you are is not where youve beenyoure still
an innocent its okay life is a tough crowd thirty two is still grown up now who
you are is not what you didyoure still an innocent time turns flames to
embersyoull have new septembers every one of us has messed up too lives change
like the weather i hope you remember today is never too late toe brand new its
all right just wait and see your string of lights are still bright to me oh who
you are is not where youve beenyoure still an innocent its okay life is a tough
crowd thirty two is still grown up now who you are is not what you didyoure
still an innocentyoure still an innocent lost your balance on a tight rope oh
its never too late to get it back she cant see the way your eyes light up when
you smile shell never notice how you stop and stare whenever she walks by and
you cant see me wanton you the way you want her but you are everything to
mechorusand i just wan an show you she dont even know you shes never hon an love
you like i want to and you just see right through me but if you only knew me we
could be a beautiful miracle unbelievable instead of just invisible theres a
fire inside of you that cant help but shine through shes never hon an see the
light no matter what you do and all i think about is how to make you think of me
and everything that we could bechoruslike shadows in a faded light oh were
invisible i just wan an open your eyes and make you realizechorusi just want to
show you she dont even know you baby let me love you let me want you she cant
see the way your eyes light up when you smile i like the way you sound in the
morning were on the phone and without a warning i realize your laugh is the best
sound i have ever heard i like the way i cant keep my focus i watch you talk you
didnt notice i hear the words but all i can think is we should be together every
time you smile i smile and every time you shine ill shine for you whoa oh in
feeling you babydont be afraid to jump then fall jump then fall into me baby in
never hon an leave you say that you wan an be with me toocuz ina stay through it
all so jump then fall well i like the way your hair falls in your face you got
the keys to me i love each freckle on your face ohive never been so wrapped up
honey i like the way your everything ive ever wanted i had time to think it all
over and all i can say is come closer take a deep breath and jump then fall into
me every time you smile i smile and every time you shine ill shine for you whoa
oh in feeling you babydont be afraid to jump then fall jump then fall into me
baby in never hon an leave you say that you wan an be with me tooima stay
through it all so jump then fall the bottoms hon an drop out from under our feet
ill catch you ill catch you when people say things that bring you to your knees
ill catch you the time is hon an come when your so mad you could cry but ill
hold you through the night until you smile whoa oh i need you babydont be afraid
please jump then fall jump then fall into me baby in never hon an leave you say
that you wan an be with me tooima stay through it all so jump then fall jump
then fall baby jump then fall into me into me every time you smile i smile and
every time you shine ill shine and every time your here baby ill show you ill
show you you can jump then fall jump then fall jump then fall into me into me
yeah last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away
this year to save me from tears ill give it to someone special once bitten and
twice shy i keep my distance but you still catch my eye tell me baby do you
recognize me well its been a year it doesnt surprise me merry christmas i
wrapped it up and sent it with a note saying i love you i meant it now i know
what a fool ive been but if you kiss me now i know yous fool me again last
christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year
to save me from tears ill give it to someone special last christmas i gave you
my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears
ill give it to someone special a crowded room and friends with tired eyesim
hiding from you and your soul of eyes my god i thought you were someone to rely
on me i guess i was a shoulder to cry on face on a lover with a fire in his
heart a girl on a cover but you tore her apart maybe this year maybe this year
ill give it to someone special cause last christmas i gave you my heart but the
very next day you gave it away this year to save me from tears ill give it to
someone special last christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you
gave it away this year to save me from tears ill give it to someone special and
last christmas and this year it wont be anything like anything like last
christmas i gave you my heart but the very next day you gave it away this year
to save me from tears ill give it to someone special i still remember the look
on your face lit through the darkness at 158th words that you whispered for just
us to know you told me you loved me so why did you goawayawayi do recall now the
smell of the rain fresh on the pavement i ran off the plane that july ninth the
beat of your heart it jumps through your shirt i can still feel your arms but
now ill go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that i know is i dont know
how to be something you missed never thought wed have a last kiss never imagined
wed end like this your name forever the name on my lips i do remember the swing
in your step the life of the party your showing off again and i roll my eyes and
then you pull me minim not much for dancing but for you i did because i love
your handshakemeetin my father i love how you walk with your hands in your
pockets how you kissed me when i was in the middle of saying something theres
not a day i dont miss those rude interruptions and ill go sit on the floor
wearing your clothes all that i know is that i dont know how to be something you
miss never thought wed have a last kiss never imagined wed end like this your
name forever the name on my lips so ill watch your life in pictures like i used
to watch you sleep and i feel you forget me like i used to feel you breathe and
ill keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are hope its nice
where you are and i hope the sun shines and its a beautiful day and something
reminds you you wish you had stayed you can plan for a change in weather and
time but i never planned on you changing your mind so ill go sit on the floor
wearing your clothes all that i know is that i dont know how to be something you
miss never thought wed have a last kiss never imagined wed end like this your
name forever the name on my lips just like our last kiss forever the name on my
lips forever the name on my lips just like our last one day break one heart ache
every once upon a time that black dress happiness bubble baths and quarter lines
they mean so much to everyone but you count them up one by one clear midnights
and this firelight once thinking that your dad was ten feet tall a blue bonnet
with rain on it quiet winters and leaves that always fall your black boots my
red flower ring live for the little things oil paintings and making every detail
turn out right one last dance new romance living for that love at first sight it
means so much to everyone but you count them up one by one clear midnights and
this firelight once thinking that your dad was ten feet tall a blue bonnet with
rain on it quiet winters and leaves that always fall your black boots my red
flower ring live for the little things no fighting black writing wish upon a
star and give the moon a smile pretending defending take a risk and go along for
the ride strawberries and fairies with wings live for the little things na an an
an an an an an an an uh yeah na an an an an an an an an an oh yeah i said
remember this moment in the back of my mind the time we stood with our shaking
hands the crowds in stands went wild we were the kings and the queens and they
read off our names the night you danced like you knew our lives would never be
the same you held your head like a hero on a history book page it was the end of
a decade but the start of an age long live the walls we crashed through all the
kingdom lights shined just for me and you i was screaming long live all the
magic we made and bring on all the pretenders one day we will be remembered i
said remember this feeling i passed the pictures around of all the years that we
stood there on the sidelines wishing for right now we are the kings and the
queens you traded your baseball cap for a crown when they gave us our trophies
and we held them up for our town and the cynics were outraged screaming this is
absurd cause for a moment a band of thieves in ripped up jeans got to rule the
world long live the walls we crashed through all the kingdom lights shined just
for me and you i was screaming long live all the magic we made and bring on all
the pretendersim not afraid long live all the mountains we moved i had the time
of my life fighting dragons with you i was screaming long live the look on your
face and bring on all the pretenders one day we will be remembered hold on to
spinning around confetti falls to the ground may these memories break our fall
can you take a moment promise me this that youll stand by me forever but if god
forbid fate should step in and force us into a goodbye if you have children
someday when they point to the pictures please tell them my name tell them how
the crowds went wild tell them how i hope they shine long live the walls we
crashed through i had the time of my life with you long long live the walls we
crashed through all the kingdom lights shined just for me and you and i was
screaming long live all the magic we made and bring on all the pretendersim not
afraid singing long live all the mountains we moved i had the time of my life
fighting dragons with you and long long live the look on your face and bring on
all the pretenders one day we will be remembered we were both young when i first
saw you i close my eyes and the flashback startsim standing there on a balcony
in summer air see the lights see the party the ball gowns see you make your way
through the crowd and say hello little did i know that you were romeo you were
throwing pebbles and my daddy said stay away from juliet and i was crying on the
staircase begging you please dont go and i said romeo take me somewhere we can
be alone ill be waiting all thats left to do is runyoull be the prince and ill
be the princess its a love story baby just say yes so i sneak out to the garden
to see you we keep quiet cause were dead if they knew so close your eyes escape
this town for a little while cause you were romeo i was a scarlet letter and my
daddy said stay away from juliet but you were everything to me i was begging you
please dont go and i said romeo take me somewhere we can be alone ill be waiting
all theres left to do is runyoull be the prince and ill be the princess its a
love story baby just say yes romeo save me there trying to tell me how to feel
this love is difficult but its realdont be afraid well make it out of this mess
its a love story baby just say yes oh oh i got tired of waiting wondering if you
were ever coming around my faith in you was fading when i met you on the
outskirts of town and i said romeo save me ive been feeling so alone i keep
waiting for you but you never come is this in my head i dont know what to think
he knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said marry me juliet youll
never have to be alone i love you and thats all i really know i talked to your
dad go pick out a white dress its a love story baby just say yes oh oh oh oh
cause we were both young when i first saw you you with your words like knives
and swords and weapons that you use against me you have knocked me off my feet
again got me feeling like a nothing you with your voice like nails on a chalk
board calling me out when in wounded you picking on the weaker man you can take
me down with just one single blow but you dont know what you dont know someday
ill be living in a big old city and all your ever hon an be is mean someday ill
be big enough so you cant hit me and all your ever hon an be is mean why you got
ta be so mean you with your switching sides and your wildfire lies and your
humiliation you have pointed out my flaws again as if i dont already see them i
walk with my head down try to block you out cause i never impress you i just
want to feel okay again i bet you got pushed around somebody made you cold but
the cycle ends right now cause you cant lead me down that road and you dont know
what you dont know someday ill be living in a big old city and all your ever hon
an be is mean someday ill be big enough so you cant hit me and all your ever hon
an be is mean why you got ta be so mean and i can see you years from now in a
bar talking over a football game with that same big loud opinion but nobodies
listening washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things drunk and
rumbling on about how i cant sing but all you are is mean all you are is mean
and a liar and pathetic and alone in life and mean and mean and mean and mean
but someday ill be living in a big old city and all your ever hon an be is mean
yeah someday ill be big enough so you cant hit me and all your ever hon an be is
mean why you got ta be so mean someday ill be living in a big old city why you
got ta be so mean and all your ever hon an be is mean why you got ta be so mean
someday ill be big enough so you cant hit me why you got ta be so mean and all
your ever hon an be is mean why you got ta be so mean oh oh oh oh oh oh you were
in college working part time waiting tables left a small town never looked back
i was a flight risk with a fear of fallinwondering why we bother with love if it
never lasts i say can you believe it as were yin on the couch the moment i can
see it yes yes i can see it now do you remember we were sitting there by the
water you put your arm around me for the first time you made a rebel of a
careless mans careful daughter you are the best thing thats ever been mine flash
forward and were akin on the world together and theres a drawer of my things at
your place you learn my secrets and you figure out why in guarded you say well
never make my parents mistakes and we got bills to pay we got nothing figured
out when it was hard to take yes yes this is what i thought about do you
remember we were sitting there by the water you put your arm around me for the
first time you made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter you are the best
thing thats ever been mine do you remember all the city lights on the water you
saw me start to believe for the first time you made a rebel of a careless mans
careful daughter you are the best thing thats ever been mine oh oh oh oh and i
remember that fight two thirty am cause everything was slipping right out of our
hands i ran out crying and you followed me out into the street braced myself for
the goodbye cause thats all ive ever known then you took me by surprise you said
ill never leave you alone you said i remember how we felt sitting by the water
and every time i look at you its like the first time i fell in love with a
careless mans careful daughter she is the best thing thats ever been mine you
made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter you are the best thing thats
ever been mine do you believe it were hon an make it now and i can see it i can
see it now your little hands wrapped around my finger and its so quiet in the
world tonight your little eyelids flutter cause your dreaming so i tuck you in
and turn on your favorite nightlightto you everything funny you got nothing to
regret id give all i have honey if you could stay like that oh darling dont you
ever grow up dont you ever grow up just stay this little oh darling dont you
ever grow up dont you ever grow up it could stay this simple i wont let nobody
hurt you wont let no one break your heart no one will desert you just try to
never grow up never grow upyoure in the car on the way to the movies and your
mortified your moms dropping you off at fourteen theres just so much you cant do
and you cant wait to move out someday and call your own shots but dont make her
drop you off around the block remember that shes getting older too and dont lose
the way that you dance around in your pjs getting ready for school oh darling
dont you ever grow up dont you ever grow up just stay this little oh darling
dont you ever grow up dont you ever grow up it could stay this simple and no
ones ever burned you nothings ever left you scarred and even though you want to
just try to never grow up take pictures in your mind of your childhood room
memorize what it sounded like when your dad gets home remember the footsteps
remember the words said and all your little brothers favorite songs i just
realized everything i have is someday hon an be gone so here i am in my new
apartment in a big city they just dropped me off its so much colder than i
thought it would be so i tuck myself in and turn my night light on wish id never
grown up i wish id never grown up oh i dont wan an grow up wish id never grown
up could still be little oh i dont wan an grow up wish id never grown up it
could still be simple oh darling dont you ever grow up dont you ever grow up
just stay this little oh darling dont you ever grow up dont you ever grow up it
could stay this simple i wont let nobody hurt you wont let no one break your
heart and even though you want to please try to never grow dupont you ever grow
up just never grow up spoken my names taylor swift this is a cover song in hon
an sing for you by one of my favorite bands called better than ezra and its the
song called our last night we were standing in an empty room the moonlight was
falling you were holding my hand when the car pulled up for you and i could have
spent a life with you but those days were over you were calling my name when
your face faded from view and wasnt it you who told me the sun would always
chase the day and wasnt it you who told me angels fly in the air tonight saying
wasnt it just like swimming out on the lake and stars collide and the airs alive
or was it just like those promises that you made on our last night i remember
waking up with you the days doing nothing you meant more to me then than i think
you ever knew but you were hon an be a doctor movie star a poet at a nobel
seminar i hope the world never tore that out of you cause wasnt it you who told
me the sun would always chase the day yeah wasnt it you who told me angels fly
in the air tonight saying wasnt it just like swimming out on the lake and stars
collide and the airs alive or was it just like those promises that you made on
our last night and what ever happened to the things you loved and the songs we
played and the indian days whatever happened to the things you gave away like
harold and maude and singing i was waving as you drove away the sunlight was
falling you were writing backwards in a dusty window pane angels fly in the air
tonight and wasnt it just like swimming out on the lake oh oh yeah and stars
collide and the airs alive or was it just like those promises that you made on
our last night on our last night oh oh oh oh oh i was riding shotgun with my
hair undone in the front seat of his car hes got a one hand feel on the steering
wheel the other on my heart i look around turn the radio down he says baby is
something wrong i say no thin i was just thinking how we dont have a song and he
said our song is a slamming screen doorsneakin out late tapping on your window
when were on the phone and you talk real slow cause its late and your mama dont
know our song is the way you laugh on the first date man i didnt kiss her and i
should have and when i got home before i said amen asking god if he could play
it again i was walking up the front porch steps after everything that day had
gone all wrong and been trampled on and lost and thrown away got to the hallway
well on my way to my loin bed i almost didnt notice all the roses and the note
that said our song is a slamming screen doorsneakin out late tapping on your
window when were on the phone and you talk real slow cause its late and your
mama dont know our song is the way you laugh on the first date man i didnt kiss
her and i should have and when i got home before i said amen asking god if he
could play it again ive heard every album listened to the radio waited for
something to come along that was as good as our song cause our song is a
slamming screen door sneaking out late tapping on his window when were on the
phone and he talks real slow cause its late and his mama dont know our song is
the way he laughs on the first date man i didnt kiss him and i should have and
when i got home before i said amen asking god if he could play it again play it
again oh yeah oh oh yeah i was riding shotgun with my hair undone in the front
seat of his car grabbed a pen and an old napkin and i wrote down our song
elevator buttons and morning air strangers silence makes me want to take the
stairs if you were here wed laugh about their vacant stares but right now my
time is theirs seems like theres always someone who disapprovestheyll judge it
like they know about me and you and the verdict comes from those with nothing
else to do the juries out and my choice is you so dont you worry your pretty
little mind people throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look
hard the stakes are high the waters rough but this love is ours you never know
what people have up their sleeves ghosts from your past hon an jump out at me
lurking in the shadows with their lip gloss smiles but i dont care cause right
now your mine and you say so dont you worry your pretty little mind people throw
rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard the stakes are high the
waters rough but this love is ours and its not theirs to speculate if its wrong
and your hands are tough but they are where my belong in ill fight their doubt
and give you faith with this song for you cause i love the gap between your
teeth and i love the riddles that you speak and any snide remarks from my father
about your tattoos will be ignored cause my heart is yours so dont you worry
your pretty little mind people throw rocks at things that shine and life makes
love look hard and dont you worry your pretty little mind people throw rocks at
things that shine but they cant take whats ours they cant take whats ours the
stakes are high the waters rough but this love is ours state the obvious i didnt
get my perfect fantasy i realize you love yourself more than you could ever love
me so go and tell your friends that in obsessive and crazy thats fine ill tell
mineyoure gay by the way i hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me
driveyoure a redneck heartbreakwhos really bad at lying so watch me strike a
match on all my wasted time as far as in concerned yourejust another picture to
burn theres no time for tearsim just sitting here planning my revenge theres
nothing stopping me from going out with all of your best friends and if you come
around saying sorry to me my daddies hon an show you how sorry youll be cause i
hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me driveyoure a redneck
heartbreakwhos really bad at lying so watch me strike a match on all my wasted
time as far as in concerned yourejust another picture to burn if your missing
meyoud better keep it to yourself cause coming back around here would be bad for
your health cause i hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me
driveyoure a redneck heartbreakwhos really bad at lying so watch me strike a
match on all my wasted time in case you havent heard i really really hate that
stupid old pickup truck you never let me driveyoure a redneck heartbreakwhos
really bad at lying so watch me strike a match on all my wasted time as far as
in concerned yourejust another picture to burn burn burn burn baby burn just
another picture to burn baby burn loving him is like driving a new maserati down
a deadens street faster than the wind passionate as sin ending so suddenly
loving him is like trying to change your mind once your already flying through
the free fall like the colors in autumn so bright just before they lose it all
losing him was blue like id never known missing him was dark grey all alone
forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met but loving him was
red loving him was red touching him was like realizing all you ever wanted was
right there in front of you memorizing him was as easy as knowing all the words
to your old favorite song fighting with him was like trying to solve a crossword
and realizing theres no right answer regretting him was like wishing you never
found out that love could be that strong losing him was blue like id never known
missing him was dark gray all alone forgetting him was like trying to know
somebody you never met but loving him was red oh red burning red remembering him
comes in flashbacks and echoes tell myself its time now got ta let go but moving
on from him is impossible when i still see it all in my head burning red burning
it was red oh losing him was blue like id never known missing him was dark gray
all alone forgetting him was like trying to know somebody you never met cause
loving him was red yeah yeah red were burning red and thats why hes spinning
round in my head comes back to me burning red yeah yeah his love was like
driving a new maserati down a deadens street i remember your bare feet down the
hallway i remember your little laugh race cars on the kitchen floor plastic
dinosaurs i love you to the moon and back i remember your blue eyes looking into
mine like we had our own secret club i remember you dancing before bed time then
jumping on me waking me up i can still feel you hold my hand little man from
even that moment i knew you fought it hard like an army guy remember i leaned in
and whispered to you come on baby with me were hon an fly away from here you
were my best four years i remember the drive home when the blind hope turned to
crying and screaming why flowers piled up in the worst way no one knows what to
say about a beautiful boy who died and its about to be halloween you could be
anything you wanted if you were still here i remember the last day when i kissed
your face i whispered in your ear come on baby with me were hon an fly away from
here out of this curtained room in this hospital well just disappear come on
baby with me were hon an fly away from here you were my best four years what if
in standing in your closet trying to talk to you what if i kept the hand me
downs you wont grow into and what if i really thought some miracle would see us
through but what if the miracle was even getting one moment with you come on
baby with me were hon an fly away from here come on baby with me were hon an fly
away from here you were my best four years i remember your bare feet down the
hallway i love you to the moon and back long handwritten note deep in your
pocket words how little they mean when your a little too late i stood right by
the tracks your face in a locket good girls hopeful theyll be and lonely well
wait we had a beautiful magic love affair what a sad beautiful tragic love
affair in dreams i meet you in long conversation we both wake in lonely beds and
different cities and time is ticking a sweet summer race in you and youve got
your demons and darling they all look like me cause we had a beautiful magic
love affair what a sad beautiful tragic love affair distance timing break down
fighting silence this train runs off its tracks kiss me try to fix it would you
just try to listen hang up give up for the life of us we cant get it back a
beautiful magic love affair what a sad beautiful tragic beautiful tragic
beautiful what we had a beautiful magic love affair what a sad beautiful tragic
love affair we had a beautiful magic love affair what a sad beautiful tragic
love affair santa baby slip a sable under the tree for me ive been an awful good
girl santa baby so hurry down the chimney tonight santa baby a 54 convertible
too light blue well ill wait up for you dear santa baby so hurry down the
chimney tonight yeah think of all the fun ive missed think of all the boys i
havent kissed next year i could be just as good if you check off my christmas
list santa baby i want a yacht and really thats not a lot ive been an angel all
year santa baby so hurry down the chimney tonight santa honey theres one more
thing i really do need the deed to a platinum mine santa honey so hurry down the
chimney tonight come and trim my christmas tree with some decorations bought at
tiffany really do believe in you lets see if you believe in me santa baby forgot
to mention one little thing a ring and i dont mean on the phone santa baby so
hurry down the chimney tonight strange to think the songs we used to sing the
smiles the flowers everything is gone yesterday i found out about you even now
just looking at you feels wrong you say that yous take it all back given one
chance it was a moment of weakness and you said yeschorusyou shoulder said no
you shoulder gone home you shoulder thought twice before you let it all go you
shoulder known that word like what you did with her would get back to me get
back to me and i shoulder been there in the back of your mind i shouldnt be
asking myself why you shouldnt be begin for forgiveness at my feet you shoulder
said no baby and you might still have me you can see that ive been cryinbaby you
know all the right things to say but do you honestly expect me to believe we
could ever be the same you say that the past is the past you need one chance it
was a moment of weakness and you said yeschorusi cant resist before you go tell
me this was it worth it was she worth this no no no no no no chorus silent night
holy night all is calm and all is bright round yon virgin mother and child holy
infant so tender and mild sleep in heavenly peace sleep in heavenly peace silent
night holy night shepherds quake at the sight glories stream from heaven afar
heavenly hosts sing hallelujah christ the savior is born christ our savior is
born silent night holy night son of god loves pure light radiant beams from thy
holy face with the dawn of redeeming grace jesus lord at thy birth jesus lord at
thy birthhallelujahhallelujahhallelujahchrist the savior is born christ the
savior is born verse falling down low no hand that i can hold in left behind
they dont see the tears i cry i cuddle up writing a song about how i feel they
say thats crazyhookthey dont understand my life and the ways that i cry
mmmmmmthings are getting really hard cant search on google for my
lovechorusthese nights are sleepless these nights are cold wish i could have
somebody somebody to holdout care if its for one night ill make do i just want
somebody somebody to hold verse 2 they treat like me like in a mental patient
wish somebody could be in sync with mehookthey dont understand my life and the
ways that i cry mmmmmmthings are getting really hard cant search on google for
my lovechorusthese nights are sleepless these nights are cold wish i could have
somebody somebody to holdout care if its for one night ill make do i just want
somebody somebody to hold slow part i hug the air when reality hits me and no
ones there oh yeah i hug the air when reality hits me i wish some one was
therechorusthese nights are sleepless these nights are cold wish i could have
somebody somebody to holdout care if its for one night ill make do i just want
somebody somebody to hold the way you move is like a full on rainstorm and in a
house of cardsyoure the kind of reckless that should send me running but i kinda
know that i wont get far and you stood there in front of me just close enough to
touch close enough to hope you couldnt see what i was thinking of drop
everything now meet me in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk take away the
pain cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile get me with those green eyes baby
as the lights go down gimme something thatll haunt me whenever your not around
cause i see sparks fly when you smile my mind forgets to remind me your a bad
idea you touch me once and its really something you find in even better than you
imagined i would beam on my guard for the rest of the world but with you i know
its no good and i could wait patiently but i really wish you would drop
everything now meet me in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk take away the
pain cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile get me with those green eyes baby
as the lights go down gimme something thatll haunt me when your not around cause
i see sparks fly whenever you smile i run my fingers through your hair and watch
the lights go wild just keep on keeping your eyes on me its just wrong enough to
make it feel right and lead me up the staircase wont you whisper soft and slow
and in captivated by you baby like a fireworks show drop everything now meet me
in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk take away the pain cause i see
sparks fly whenever you smile get me with those green eyes baby as the lights go
down gimme something thatll haunt me when your not around cause i see sparks fly
whenever you smile when sparks fly oh baby smile when sparks fly i am not the
kind of girl who should be rudely bargain in on a white veil occasion but you
are not the kind of boy who should be marrying the wrong girl i sneak in and see
your friends and her snotty little family all dressed in pastel and she is
yelling at a bridesmaid somewhere back inside a room wearing a gown shaped like
a pastry this is surely not what you thought it would be i lose myself in a
daydream where i stand and saydont say yes run away now ill meet you when your
out of the church at the back doordont wait or say a single vow you need to hear
me out and they said speak now fond gestures are exchanged and the organ starts
to play a song that sounds like a death march and i am hiding in the curtains it
seems i was uninvited by your lovely bridetobeshe floats down the aisle like a
pageant queen but i know you wish it was me you wish it was me dont youdont say
yes run away now ill meet you when your out of the church at the back doordont
wait or say a single vow you need to hear me out and they said speak nowdont say
yes run away now ill meet you when your out of the church at the back doordont
wait or say a single vow your time is running out and they said speak now i hear
the preacher say speak now or forever hold your peace theres a silence theres my
last chance i stand up with shaking hands all eyes on me horrified looks from
everyone in the room but in only looking at you i am not the kind of girl who
should be rudely bargain in on a white veil occasion but you are not the kind of
boy who should be marrying the wrong girldont say yes run away now ill meet you
when your out of the church at the back doordont wait or say a single vow you
need to hear me out and they said speak now and you say lets run away now ill
meet you when in out of my tux at the back door oh baby i didnt say my vow so
glad you were around when they said speak now i said oh my what a marvelous tune
it was the best night never would forget how we moved the whole place was
dressed to the nines and we were dancing dancing like were made of starlight
like were made of starlight i met bobby on the boardwalk summer of 45picks me up
play one night out the window we were 17 and crazy running wild wild cant
remember what song he was playing when we walked in the night we snick into a
yacht club party pretending to be a duchess and a prince and i said oh my what a
marvelous tune it was the best night never would forget how we moved the whole
place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing dancing like were made of
starlight starlight like were made of starlight starlight he said look at you
worrying so much about things you cant changeyoull spend your whole life singing
the blues if you keep thinking that way he was trying to skip rocks on the ocean
saying to me don you see the starlight starlightdont you dream impossible things
like oh my what a marvelous tune it was the best night never would forget how we
moved the whole place was dressed to the nines and we were dancing dancing like
were made of starlight starlight like were made of starlight starlight ooh ooh
hes talking crazy ooh ooh dancing with me ooh ooh we could get married have 10
kids and teach them how to dream oh my what a marvelous tune it was the best
night never would forget how we moved the whole place was dressed to the nines
and we were dancing dancing like were made of starlight starlight like were made
of starlight starlight like were made of starlight starlight like we dream
impossible dreams like starlight starlight like we dream impossible dreams don
you see the starlight starlightdont you dream impossible things cory eyes are
like a jungle he smiles its like the radio he whispers songs into my window in
words that nobody knows theres pretty girls on every corner they watch him as
hes walking home saying does he know will you ever knowchorusyoure beautiful
every little piece love dont you knowyoure really hon an be someone ask anyone
and when you find everything youve looked for hope your love leads you back to
my door oh but if it dont stay beautiful cory finds another way to be the
highlight of my dayim taking pictures in my mind so i can save them for a rainy
day its hard to make a conversation when hes taking my breath away i should say
hey by the waychorusif you and i are a story that never gets told if what you
are is a daydream ill never get to hold at least youll knowyoure beautiful every
little piece love dont you knowyoure really hon an be someone ask anyone and
when you find everything youve looked for hope your love leads you back to my
front door oh but if it dontwill you stay beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful beautiful beautiful oh oh oh oh oh oh oh but if it dontstay beautiful
stay beautiful na an an an an in pretty sure we almost broke up last night i
threw my phone across the room at you i was expecting some dramatic turn away
but you stayed this morning i said we should talk about it cause i read you
should never leave a fight unresolved thats when you came in wearing a football
helmet and said okay lets talk and i said stay stay stay ive been loving you for
quite some time time time you think that its funny when in mad mad mad but i
think that its best if we both stay before you id only dated self indulgent
takers who took all of their problem out on me but you carry my groceries and
now in always laughing i love you because you have given me no choice but to
stay stay stay ive been loving you for quite some time time time you think that
its funny when in mad mad mad but i think that its best if we both stay stay
stay stay you took the time to memorize me my fears my hopes and dreams i just
like hanging out with you all the time all those times that you didnt leave its
been occurring to me id like to hang out with you for my whole life stay and ill
be loving you for quite some time no one else is hon an love me when i get mad
mad mad so i think that its best if we both stay stay stay stay stay stay stay
stay stay ive been loving you for quite some time time time you think that its
funny when in mad mad mad but i think that its best if we both stay stay stay
stay stay stay stay stay stay ive been loving you for quite some time time time
you think that its funny when in mad mad mad but i think that its best if we
both stay i used to think one day wed tell the story of us how we met and the
sparks flew instantly people would say there the lucky ones i used to know my
place was a spot next to you now in searching the room for an empty seat cause
lately i dont even know what page your on oh a simple
complicationmiscommunications lead to fall out so many things that i wish you
knew so many walls up i cant break through now in standing alone in a crowded
room and were not speaking and in dying to know is it killing you like its
killing me yeah i dont know what to say since a twist of fate when it all broke
down and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now next chapterhowd we end
up this way see me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy and
your doing your best to avoid meim starting to think one day ill tell the story
of us how i was losing my mind when i saw you here but you held your pride like
you should have held me oh in scared to see the ending why are we pretending
this is nothing id tell you i miss you but i dont know howive never heard
silence quite this loud now in standing alone in a crowded room and were not
speaking and in dying to know is it killing you like its killing me yeah i dont
know what to say since the twist of fate when it all broke down and the story of
us looks a lot like a tragedy now this is looking like a contest of who can act
like they care less but i liked it better when you were on my side the battles
in your hands now but i would lay my armor down if yous say yous rather love
than fight so many things that you wish i knew but the story of us might be
ending soon now in standing alone in a crowded room and were not speaking and in
dying to know is it killing you like its killing me yeah i dont know what to say
since the twist of fate when it all broke down and the story of us looks a lot
like a tragedy now now now and were not speaking and in dying to know is it
killing you like its killing me yeah i dont know what to say since the twist of
fate cause were going down and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now i
used to think one day wed tell the story of us how we met and the sparks flew
instantly people would say there the lucky ones i used to know my place was a
spot next to you now in searching the room for an empty seat cause lately i dont
even know what page your on oh a simple complicationmiscommunications lead to
fall out so many things that i wish you knew so many walls up i cant break
through now in standing alone in a crowded room and were not speaking and in
dying to know is it killing you like its killing me yeah i dont know what to say
since the twist of fate when it all broke down and the story of us looks a lot
like a tragedy now next chapterhowd we end up this way see me nervously pulling
at my clothes and trying to look busy and your doing your best to avoid meim
starting to think one day ill tell the story of us how i was losing my mind when
i saw you here but you held your pride like you should have held me oh in scared
to see the ending why are we pretending this is nothing id tell you i miss you
but i dont know howive never heard silence quite this loud now in standing alone
in a crowded room and were not speaking and in dying to know is it killing you
like its killing me yeah i dont know what to say since the twist of fate when it
all broke down and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now this is
looking like a contest of who can act like they care less but i liked it better
when you were on my side the battles in your hands now but i would lay my armor
down if yous say yous rather love than fight so many things that you wish i knew
but the story of us might be ending soon now in standing alone in a crowded room
and were not speaking and in dying to know is it killing you like its killing me
yeah i dont know what to say since the twist of fate when it all broke down and
the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now the end tall dark and superman he
puts papers in his briefcase and drives away to save the world or go to work its
the same thing to me hes got his mothers eyes his fathers ambition i wonder if
he knows how much that i miss him and i know every word that you say bayou smile
and say how are you and ill say just fine i always forget to tell you i love you
i love you forever i watch superman fly awayyouve got a busy day today go save
the world ill be around i watch superman fly away come back ill be with you
someday ill be right here on the ground when you come back down talk dark and
beautiful hes complicated hes so irrational but i hope someday you take me away
and save the day yeah something in his deep browns eyes has me singinhes not as
bad like this reputation i cant hear one single word they said no you really got
places to be and ill be old then i always forget to tell you i love you i loved
you from the very first day i watch superman fly awayyouve got a busy day today
go save the world ill be around i watch superman fly away come back ill be with
you someday ill be right here on the ground when you come back down and i watch
you fly around the world and i hope you dont take some other girl i hope you
dont forget about meim far away but ill never let you grim lovestruck and
looking out the windowdont forget dont forget where ill be right here wishing
the flowers were from you wishing the card was from you wishing the call was
from you cause i loved you from the very first day i watch superman fly
awayyouve got a busy day today to save the world ill be around forever and ever
here i watch superman fly away i swear ill be with you someday ill be right here
on the ground when you come back down la la la when you come back down this is
wrong but i cant help but feel like there aint nothing more right babe misty
morning comes again and i cant help but wish i could see your face and i knew
from the first note played id be breaking all my rules to see you you smile that
beautiful smile and all the girls in the front row scream your name so dim that
spotlight tell me things like i cant take my eyes off of you no one special just
another wide eyed girlwhos desperately in love with you give me a photograph to
hang on my wallsuperstargood morning loneliness comes around when in not
dreaming about you when my world wakes up today youll be in another town and i
knew when i saw your face id be counting down the ways to see you and you smile
that beautiful smile and all the girls in the front row scream your name so dim
that spotlight tell me things like i cant take my eyes off of you no one special
just another wide eyed girlwhos desperately in love with you give me a
photograph to hang on my wallsuperstaryou played in bars you play guitar and in
invisible and everyone knows who you are and youll never see you sing me to
sleep every night from the radio so dim that spotlight tell me things like i
cant take my eyes off of you no one special just another wide eyed girlwhos
desperately in love with you give me a photograph to hang on my
wallsuperstarsweet sweet superstar superstar hit the ground hit the ground hit
the ground oh oh only sound only sound that you hear is no you never saw it
coming slipped when you started running and now youve come undone and i i i i
seen you fall seen you crawl on your knees eh eh seen you lost in a crowd seen
your colors fade wish i could make it better someday you wont remember this pain
you thought would last forever and ever and there youll stand ten feet tall i
will say i knew it all along your eyes wider than distance this liefs sweeter
than fiction just a shot just a shot in the dark oh oh all you got all you got
are your shattered hopes they never saw it coming you hit the ground running and
now your onto something i i i say what a sight what a sight when the light came
on proved me right proved me right when you proved them wrong and in this
perfect weather its like we dont remember the rain we thought would last forever
and ever and there youll stand ten feet tall i will say i knew it all along your
eyes wider than distance this liefs sweeter than fiction there youll stand next
to me all at once the rest is history your eyes wider than distance this liefs
sweeter than fiction fiction ill be one of the many saying look at you now look
at you now now ill be one of the many saying you made us proud you made us proud
proud ill be one of the many saying look at you now look at you now now ill be
one of the many saying you made us proud you made us proud proud and when they
call your name and they put your picture in a frame you know that ill be there
time and again cause i loved you when when you hit the ground hit the ground hit
the ground oh oh only sound only sound that you heard was no now in this perfect
weather its like we dont remember the rain we thought would last forever and
ever forever there youll stand ten feet tall i will say i knew it all along your
eyes wider than distance this liefs sweeter than fiction there youll stand next
to me all at once the rest is history your eyes wider than distance this liefs
sweeter than fiction fiction its sweeter than fiction its sweeter yeah its
sweeter than sweeter sweeter than fiction drew looks at me i fake a smile so he
wont see that i want and in needing everything that we should be ill bet shes
beautiful that girl he talks about and shes got everything that i have to live
without drew talks to me i laugh cause it is so damn funny that i cant even see
anyone when hes with me he says hes so in love hes finally got it right i wonder
if he knows hes all i think about at night hes the reason for the teardrops on
my guitar the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star hes the song in
the car i keep singing dont know why i do drew walks by me can he tell that i
cant breathe and there he goes so perfectly the kind of flawless i wish i could
be shed better hold him tight give him all her love look in those beautiful eyes
and know shes lucky cause hes the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only
thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star hes the song in the car i keep
singing dont know why i do so i drive home alone as i turn out the light ill put
his picture down and maybe get some sleep tonight because hes the reason for the
teardrops on my guitar the only one whews got enough of me to break my heart hes
the song in the car i keep singing dont know why i do hes the time taken up but
theres never enough and hes all that i need to fall into drew looks at me i fake
a smile so he wont see i took a chance i took a shot and you might think in
bulletproof but in not you took a swing i took it hard and down here from the
ground i see who you areim sick and tired of your attitude feeling like i dont
know you you tell me that you love me then you cut me downchorusand i need you
like a heartbeat but you know you got a mean streak makes me run for cover when
your around and heres to you and your temper yes i remember what you said last
night and i know that you see what your doing to me tell me why you could write
a book on how to ruin someones perfect day well i get so confused and frustrated
forget what in trying to say ohim sick and tired of your reasons i got no one to
believe in you tell me that you want me then push me aroundchoruswhy do you have
to make me feel small so you can feel whole inside why do you have to put down
my dreams so your the only thing on my mind well in sick and tired of your
attitude feeling like i dont know you you tell me that you want me then cut me
downim sick and tired of your reasons ive got no one to believe in you ask me
for my love then you push me around heres to you and your temper yes i remember
what you said last night and i know that you see what your doing to me tell me
why why tell me why i take a step back let you go i told you in not bulletproof
now you know in five years old its getting cold ive got my big coat on i hear
your laugh and look up smiling at you i run and run past the pumpkin patch and
the tractor rides look now the sky is gold i hug your legs and fall asleep on
the way home i dont know why all the trees change in the fall but i know your
not scared of anything at alldont know if snow whites house is near or far away
but i know i had the best day with you today thirteen now and dont know how my
friends could be so mean i come home crying and you hold me tight and grab the
keys and we drive and drive until we found a town far enough away and we talk
and window shop till i forgotten all their names i dont know who in hon an talk
to now at school but i know in laughing on the car ride home with youdont know
how long its hon an take to feel okay but i know i had the best day with you
today i have an excellent father his strength is making me stronger god smiles
on my little brother inside and out hes better than i am i grew up in a pretty
house and ive got space to run and hide and i had the best days with you there
is a video i found from back when i was three you set up a paint set in the
kitchen and your talking to me its the age of princesses and pirate ships and
the seven dwarfs and daddies smart and your the prettiest lady in the whole wide
world and now i know why the all the trees change in the fall i know you were on
my side even when i was wrong and i love you for giving me your eyes staying
back and watching me shine and i didnt know if you knew so in taking this chance
to say that i had the best day with you today chorus the jokes about you all of
them the jokes about it is not the same the jokes about there all that matters i
put a smile on historical the jokes about you all of them the jokes about it is
not the same the jokes about there all that matters i put a smile on
historicalchorusthe jokes about you all of them the jokes about it is not the
same the jokes about there all that matters i put a smile on historical the
jokes about you all of them the jokes about it is not the same the jokes about
there all that matters i put a smile on historicalchorusthe jokes about you all
of them the jokes about it is not the same the jokes about there all that
matters i put a smile on historical the jokes about you all of them the jokes
about it is not the same the jokes about there all that matters i put a smile on
historicalrefrainthe jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokesinterludehey you just think while your in a row of a sudden urge
the best of all time high right here is my new phone case for a long day ahead
and the jokes are so much better now than ever to have the right thing and it
will not have to do it all day today i have a lot more to come back and the
jokes on me i have no idea what i was in a row of my favorite thing about being
able a new song on my old phone call to get my money where we can be used for
the next two weeks before finally gettingbridgethe jokes are you a lot of the
year before i go to bed the jokes on the phone and the otherwise it would be the
jokes about a month or more to do that in my in box and a few tears why are we
doing this to be the jokeschorusthe jokes about you all of them the jokes about
it is not the same the jokes about there all that matters i put a smile on
historical the jokes about you all of them the jokes about it is not the same
the jokes about there all that matters i put a smile on historical refrain x4the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the
jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes the jokes i
found myself at your door just like all those times before but in not sure how i
got there all roads they lead me here i imagine you are home in your room all
alone and you open your eyes into mine and everything feels better right before
your eyes in breaking no past no reasons why just you and me this is the last
time in asking you this put my name at the top of your list this is the last
time in asking you why you break my heart in the blink of an eye eye eye you
find yourself at my door just like all those times before you wear your best
apology but i was there to watch you leave and all the time to let you in just
for you to go again disappear when you come back everything is better and right
before your eyes in aching run fast nowhere to hide just you and me this is the
last time in asking you this put my name at the top of your list this is the
last time in asking you why you break my heart in the blink of an eye eye eye
this is the last time you tell me ive got it wrong this is the last time i say
its been you all along this is the last time i let you in my door this is the
last time i wont hurt you anymore ohhthis is the last time in asking you this
put my name at the top of your list this is the last time in asking you why you
break my heart in the blink of an eye this is the last time in asking you this
this is the last time in asking you this put my name at the top of your list put
my name at the top of your list this is the last time in asking you why this is
the last time in asking you why you break my heart in the blink of an eye you
break my heart this is the last time in asking you last time in asking you last
time in asking you this this is the last time in asking you last time in asking
you last time in asking you this this is the last time in asking you last time
in asking you last time in asking you this this is the last time in asking you
last time in asking you last time in asking you this new to town with a made up
name in the angel city chasing fortune and fame and the camera flashes make it
look like a dream you had it figured out since you were in school everybody
loves pretty everybody loves cool so over night you look like a sixties queen
another name goes up in lights like diamonds in the sky and theyll tell you now
your the lucky one yeah theyll tell you now your the lucky one but can you tell
me now your the lucky one oh oh oh now its big black cars and riviera views and
your lover in the foyer doesnt even know you and your secrets end up splashed on
the news front page and they tell you that your lucky but your so confused cause
you dont feel pretty you just feel used and all the young things line up to take
your place another name goes up in lights you wonder if youll make it out alive
and theyll tell you now your the lucky one yeah theyll tell you now your the
lucky one can you tell me now your the lucky one oh oh oh it was a few years
later i showed up here and they still tell the legend of how you disappeared
they took the money and your dignity and got the hell out they say you bought a
bunch of land somewhere chose the rose garden over madison square and it took
some time but i understand it now cause now my name is up in lights but i think
you got it right let me tell you now your the lucky one let me tell you now your
the lucky one let me tell you now your the lucky one oh oh oh yeah theyll tell
you now your the lucky one yeah theyll tell you now your the lucky one can you
tell me now your the lucky one oh oh oh oh oh oh you shoulder been thereshouldve
burst through the door with that baby in right here smile and it wouldve felt
like a million little shining stars had just aligned and i wouldve been so happy
christmas lights glisten ive got my eye on the door just waiting for you to walk
in but the time is ticking people ask me how ive been as i comb back through my
memory how you said yous be here you said yous be here and it was like slow
motion standing there in my party dress in red lipstick with no one to impress
and there all laughing as in looking around the room but there was one thing
missing and that was the moment i knew and the hours pass by now i just wan an
be alone but your close friends always seem to know when theres something really
wrong so they follow me down the hall and there in the bathroom i try not to
fall apart and the sinking feeling starts as i say hopelessly he said hes be
here and it was like slow motion standing there in my party dress in red
lipstick with no one to impress and there all laughing and asking me about you
but there was one thing missing and that was the moment i knew what do you say
when tears are streaming down your face in front of everyone you know and what
do you do when the one who means the most to you is the one who didnt show you
shoulder been here and i wouldve been so happy and it was like slow motion
standing there in my party dress in red lipstick with no one to impress and
there all standing around me singing happy birthday to you but there was one
thing missing and that was the moment i knew ooh i knewoohyou called me later
and said in sorry i didnt make it and i said in sorry too and that was the
moment i knew in the heat of the fight i walked away ignoring words that you
were saying trying to make me stay i said this time ive had enough and youve
called a hundred times but in not picking up cause in so mad i might tell you
that its over but if you look a little closer i said leave but all i really want
is you to stand outside my window throwing pebbles screaming in in love with you
wait there in the pouring rain coming back for more and dont you leave cause i
know all i need is on the other side of the door me and my stupid pride sitting
here alone going through the photographs staring at the phone i keep going back
over things we both said and i remember the slamming door and all the things
that i misread so babe if you know everything tell me why you couldnt see that
when i left i wanted you to chase after me yeah i said leave but all i really
want is you to stand outside my window throwing pebbles screaming in in love
with you wait there in the pouring rain coming back for more and dont you leave
cause i know all i need is on the other side of the door and ill scream out the
window i cant even look at you i dont need you but i do i do i do i say theres
nothing you can say to make this right again i mean it i mean it what i mean ii
said leave but baby all i want is you to stand outside my window throwing
pebbles screaming in in love with you wait there in the pouring rain coming back
for more and dont you leave cause i know all i need is on the other side of the
door with your face and the beautiful eyes and the conversation with the little
white lies and the faded picture of a beautiful night you carried me from your
car up the stairs and i broke down crying wish it werent this mess after
everything and that little black dress after everything i must confess i need
you i didnt know what i would find when i went looking for a reason i know i
didnt read between the lines and baby ive got nowhere to go i tried to take the
road less traveled by but nothing seems to work the first few times am i right
so how can i ever try to be better nobody ever lets me in and i can still see
you this aint the best view on the outside looking in ive been a lot of lonely
places ive never been on the outside you saw me there but never knew that i
would give it all up to be part of this a part of you and now its all too late
so you see you could have helped if you had wanted to but no one notices until
its too late to do anything how could i ever try to be better nobody ever lets
me in and i can still see you this aint the best view on the outside looking in
ive been a lot of lonely places ive never been on the outside oh yeah how can i
ever try to be better nobody ever lets me in and i can still see you this aint
the best view on the outside looking in ive been a lot of lonely places ive
never been on the outside oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh he is sensible and so
incredible and all my single friends are jealous he says everything i need to
hear and its like i couldnt ask for anything better he opens up my door and i
get into his car and he says you look beautiful tonight and i feel perfectly
finechorusbut i miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain and its two
am and in cursing your nameyoure so in love that you act insane and thats the
way i loved youbreakin down and coming undone its a roller coaster kinda rush
and i never knew i could feel that much and thats the way i loved you he
respects my space and never makes me wait and he calls exactly when he says he
will hes close to my mother talks business with my father hes charming and
endearing and in comfortablechorushe cant see the smile in faking and my hearts
not breaking cause in not feeling anything at all and you were wild and crazy
just so frustrating intoxicating complicated got away by some mistake and now i
miss screaming and fighting and kissing in the rain and its two am and in
cursing your name so in love that i acted insane and thats the way i loved
youbreakin down and coming undone its a roller coaster kinda rush and i never
knew i could feel that much and thats the way i loved you and thats the way i
loved you oh oh never knew i could feel that much and thats the way i loved you
seems the only one who doesnt see your beauty is the face in the mirror looking
back at you you walk around here thinking your not pretty but thats not true
cause i know youchorushold on baby your losing it the waters high your jumping
into it and letting go and no one knows that you cry but you dont tell anyone
that you might not be the golden one and your tied together with a smile but
your coming undone i guess its true that love was all you wanted cause your
giving it away like its extra change hoping it will end up in his pocket but he
leaves you out like a penny in the rain oh cause its not his price to pay its
not his price to pay chorus x2youre tied together with a smile but your coming
undone oh goodbye baby with a smile baby baby he said the way my blue eyes
shined put those georgia stars to shame that night i said thats a lie just a boy
in a chevy truck that had a tendency of getting stuck on back roads at night and
i was right there beside him all summer long and then the time we woke up to
find that summer had gone but when you think tim mcgraw hope you think my
favorite song the one we danced to all night long the moon like a spotlight on
the lake when you think happiness i hope you think that little black dress think
of my head on your chest and my old faded blue jeans when you think tim mcgraw
hope you think of me september saw a month of tears and thanking god that you
werent here to see me like that but in a box beneath my bed is a letter that you
never read from three summers back its hard not to find it all a little bitter
sweet and looking back on all of that its nice to believe but when you think tim
mcgraw hope you think my favorite song the one we danced to all night long the
moon like a spotlight on the lake when you think happiness i hope you think that
little black dress think of my head on your chest and my old faded blue jeans
when you think tim mcgraw hope you think of me and in back for the first time
since thenim standing on your street and theres a letter left on your doorstep
and the first thing that youll read is when you think tim mcgraw hope you think
my favorite song someday youll turn your radio on i hope it takes you back to
that place when you think happiness i hope you think that little black dress
think of my head on your chest and my old faded blue jeans when you think tim
mcgraw hope you think of me oh think of memmmyou said the way my blue eyes
shined put those georgia stars to shame that night i said thats a lie today was
a fairytale you were the prince i used to be a damsel in distress you took me by
the hand and you picked me up at six today was a fairytale today was a fairytale
today was a fairytale i wore a dress you wore a dark gray tshirtyou told me i
was pretty when i looked like a mess today was a fairytale time slows down
whenever your around but can you feel this magic in the air it must have been
the way you kissed me fell in love when i saw you standing there it must have
been the way today was a fairytale it must have been the way today was a
fairytale today was a fairytaleyouve got a smile that takes me to another planet
every move you make everything you say is right today was a fairytale today was
a fairytale all that i can say is now its getting so much clearernothin made
sense lit the time i saw your face today was a fairytale time slows down
whenever your around yeah yeah but can you feel this magic in the air it must
have been the way you kissed me fell in love when i saw you standing there it
must have been the way today was a fairytale it must have been the way today was
a fairytale time slows down whenever your around i can feel my heart its beating
in my chest did you feel it i cant put this down but can you feel this magic in
the air it must have been the way you kissed me fell in love when i saw you
standing there it must have been the way but can you feel this magic in the air
it must have been the way you kissed me fell in love when i saw you standing
there it must have been the way today was a fairytale it must have been the way
today was a fairytale oh oh yeah yeah oh today was a fairytale put your lips
close to mine as long as they dont touch out of focus eye to eye till the
gravity is too much and ill do anything you say if you say it with your hands
and ill be smart to walk away but your quick sand this slope is treacherous this
path is reckless this slope is treacherous and i i i like it i cant decide if
its a choice getting swept away i hear the sound of my own voice asking you to
stay and all we are is skin and bone trained to get along forever going with the
flow but your friction this slope is treacherous this path is reckless this
slope is treacherous i i i like it two headlights shine through the sleepless
night and i will get you get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and
i just think you should think you should know that nothing safe is worth the
driving and i will follow you follow you home i follow you follow you home this
hope is treacherous this day dream is dangerous this hope is treacherous i i i i
i i i i i two headlights shine through the sleepless night and i will get you
get you alone your name has echoed through my mind and i just think you should
think you should know that nothing safe is worth the drive and i will follow you
follow you home ill follow you follow you home ill follow you follow you home
ill follow you follow you home this slope is treacherous i i i like it you had
my heart well never be worlds apart maybe in magazines but youll still be my
star baby cause in the dark you cant see shiny cars thats when you need me there
with you ill always share because when the sun shines well shine together told
you ill be here forever said ill always be your friend took an oath ina stick it
out to the end now that its raining more than ever know that well still have
each other you can stand under my umbrella you can stand under my
umbrellaellaellaayayayunder my umbrellaellaellaayayayayayayjust trying to get
your attention untouchable like a distant diamond skim reaching out and i just
cant tell you whim caught up in you caught up in you untouchable burning
brighter than the sun and when your close i feel like coming undone in the
middle of the night when in in this dream its like a million little stars
spelling out your name you got ta come on come on say that well be together come
on come on little taste of heaven its half full and i wont wait here all day i
know your saying that yous be hereanywaybut youreuntouchable burning brighter
than the sun now that your close i feel like coming undone in the middle of the
night when in in this dream its like a million little stars spelling out your
name you got ta come on come on say that well be together come on come on in the
middle of the nightwakin from this dream i wan an feel you by my side standing
next to me you got ta come on come on say that well be together come on come on
little taste of heaven oh oh oh ohim caught up in you oh oh oh oh oh oh its your
untouchable burning brighter than the sun now that your close i feel like coming
undone in the middle of the night when in in this dream its like a million
little stars spelling out your name you got ta come on come on say that well be
together come on come on oh oh in the middle of the night when in in this dream
its like a million little stars spelling out your name you got ta come on come
on say that well be together come on come on come on in the middle of the night
we can form this dream i wan an feel you by my side standing next to me you got
ta come on come on say that well be together come on come on little taste of
heaven i remember when we broke up the first time saying this is it ive had
enough cause like we hadnt seen each other in a month when you said you needed
space what then you come around again and say baby i miss you and i swear in hon
an change trust me remember how that lasted for a day i say i hate you we break
up you call me i love you oh we called it off again last night but oh this time
in telling you in telling you we are never ever ever getting back together we
are never ever ever getting back together you go talk to your friends talk to my
friends talk to me but we are never ever ever ever getting back together like
everim really hon an miss you picking fights and me falling for it screaming
that in right and you would hide away and find your peace of mind with some
indite record thats much cooler than mine oh you called me up again tonight but
oh this time in telling you in telling you we are never ever ever getting back
together we are never ever ever getting back togethe
